You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear leather as a farmer , or leather fur , and never ever chose a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany usually is something that they fell somewhere .
You just got to turn on the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
When he was just beating every week in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life as I wanted to go into the teachers ' bathroom .
I did it secretly .
For three years .
And I had to leave the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and ended in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations who fought against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half the night , I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I am disillusioned that adults never get to know us .
You could spread to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to take you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of it and take care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know to know me as an adult came to me , it became a box of ash and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told them was made in the present self .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life needs .
It needs true and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this very much of this .
It also needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my job , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
<unk> all over the water of water almost 60 feet , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake over another snowflake of snow after year .
<unk> are born when they fall out of the glaciers or they break down the ice barriers .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it anymore , and they 're embedded in a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you look at a iceberg , that they are separate , and alone as we see us as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum is melts , it releases fresh water in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I 'm close to photographing these quietly as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in the unique moments there are in that way , and they will not exist to exist again .
It 's not death when you melt , it 's not an end , but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last photos I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually be able to see a rolling eardrum .
You have it .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland of Greenland , average size .
<unk> water , about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And just like , the iceberg shows a different side of your personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every one of the <unk> a baby . Okay .
So , two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much on the details of conception , because if you stop to think about conception itself , you 're not going to pay attention to you .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in one case , the chromosome and the sperm is joins the X X of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X of sperm comes together to the X X of the egg .
They both turn on and started life .
We will come back from them later .
In my activity , it turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I 'm studying in this case is the way people came up with anatomy -- which is , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is the activist , as a patient advocate or , as I say sometimes , advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose features physical norms are challenging .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than average .
And I 've worked with many instances of people with atypical sex , individuals whose physical typology does not fit into male and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
It takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that does n't happen in the common form of male or female .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY <unk> gene where the chromosome <unk> the chromosome says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , the testicles become the testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , testicles make testosterone .
But because this individual has no testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there are high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body is going to develop following a course , typically female .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
He 's a little girl . He was raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone tells us that something is happening .
After doing testing them , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus actually have testicles and chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think this is a man , but it 's actually not like that .
Women , as men , have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I think a typical woman -- does n't know his <unk> structure , and I believe to be a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way , they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; he had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
I had the 20th chromosomes , and in the womb <unk> glands were so active , they were basically creating a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component are typically male .
He was born with a kid -- no one suspicion anything .
And it was 19 , when he started having medical problems caused by civilian menstruation , when doctors figured out that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what is known as <unk> , which is , you have tissue <unk> wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know good why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are things like be dwarfed , or <unk> twins , or <unk> are sent to <unk> surgeries is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly sane .
The reason that they 're sending several surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; it was supposed to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation 's based on a concept of very romantic individualism .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children are born like two people within one body .
The bigger recent case is last year with the South African <unk> runner , <unk> <unk> , put in cloth with sex in the Berlin <unk> Games .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What are you going to do to ask yourself to determine whether you 're a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you the journalists that there is no such test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we 're the ones we mapped that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we go through the more of the science , the more we have to admit that these categories were stable intuitively , which was reflected directly with stable <unk> categories -- are a lot more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more into an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States , are the struggle at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are a lot of discussions going on to us today , not in public , but I do n't know within it about when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of his nose , he was going to put a pen in front of his nose , and if he was still not <unk> .
If he stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with a dilemma of determining really someone 's death , and this is what it puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this kind of categories of categories could be happy for someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , supporting people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
And so let 's figure out that these categories are far more unstable than we 've thought of <unk> .
It 's going to happen from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , which I find every time looking at that musical <unk> music and not for music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Fathers .
Parents , for me , first anatomy of anatomy and explain why .
What they were rejected was an anatomical concept , and it was taken by another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , like everyone remembers , what our Founding Founding Founding fathers were , the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
So the monarchs from the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth of birth .
They had the <unk> concept .
They were the idea that the political power was coming to the right of the blood of the blood that was sent from grandfather to father and then to child , etc .
Parents know that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They embraced the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy , and not the differences in anatomy . That was something very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were going on .
It was building democracy and at the same time was born in science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the Founding Parents , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> from supernatural explanations , and so they would reject the concept of the supernatural of the supernatural , which is a kind of a kind of a vague right idea of birth .
They were moving into a <unk> concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think of that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that went on with an anatomical match about anatomical coincidence , and again , succeeded .
We see the same with the Disabilities Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to maintain some extra divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't mean that we should be <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old should have sex or married .
There are some extra divisions that for me , that I believe we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two selves at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both specified in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born at term : the one in March 1980 .
For the only fact that Mary were born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being considered man -- if I did n't tell you if it 's <unk> , in virtue of being considered to be a man now <unk> the compulsory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , on his hand , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still persist anatomical categories that are in various ways and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science was going both in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I feel like the science is escapes .
Where are we going ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a time has decided to get married to a man , you do n't have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of <unk> syndrome .
So if you look at one of the founders of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` I 'm won by `` I Have a dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should be judge 's `` based not the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do that ?
How do you judge people based on the basis of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to provide rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> who are probably worth more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them <unk> that I know can make more informed and smart and mature decisions about their sex relationships that I know about .
So how do you put the issue of the content of the character ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is it seems to be very important that the United States is still going to drive this current of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless she 's willing to submit to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who spoke a couple of years ago that I had done to light twins and then pick them apart and thus grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked to ask the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused and therefore had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people who are not <unk> to change the well of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , I mean , I 've been talking to you that I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we had gotten greater participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about them .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in making the sex difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and try to figure out those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism in feminism , as a feminist <unk> made me a strange argument .
`` Tell me what has women got . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the coolest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about your question , the more there 's seemed to me that there 's something else in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between female brains and the male that makes us more empowered complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , while the Parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , of being given more moms to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we 're making democracy beyond anatomy : to think less on the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work , have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth a lot more than their building cost .
So we could easily merge into the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just went through building buildings .
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments because they were owners , and the other half is still missing to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to make it in all the existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas around them have rules to avoid discomfort and the distractions at building .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a whole new apartment building , and as long as the rules of that place , we would build the construction instead of trying to block them .
So I proposed that governments would build new reform zones to hold cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> will walk out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras , by a respected constitutional crisis .
In the next regular choices , <unk> <unk> has imposed on a platform for a platform in which it promised reforms and at the same reconciliation time .
He asked her to be his chief of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk on TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error and a huge amount of trials with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas .
The first thing was the importance of rules , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset every day of apartment residents .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but you need so much of technologies like rules for progress , and usually the rules that keep us going forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
I showed it to you .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room of a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than its monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . Notice it -- in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the talk talk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that adds up the rules that are embedded there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not to live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to be <unk> and I would talk about the four and five of January .
So I put another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
This airport only covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince them that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that 's measuring at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of the Congress came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you so much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the talk talk .
I have this on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you could go in Honduras , instead of hundreds of miles away from the north .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with them , could benefit from the countries that will help them to establish and make the charter of the charter of the charter , so that they all could trust that the <unk> will be delivered .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily be a thousand square kilometers .
And soon after , 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that could create these special development regions .
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis , voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment , was <unk> to one .
Every party , all the factions in society , the <unk> .
For <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On the 17th of February , again in another voting , from <unk> to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February 24 , a 30 <unk> delegation was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city which is building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built up in four years , after four years , they got the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and at the same time would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to letting its Supreme Court be the ultimate court for this new justice system .
There are urban planners and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've already solved is they have a good number of people .
There are a lot of companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they would love them immediately .
There are a million a year after Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family in order to go to get a job ; sometimes they are single mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What is it to you to think about insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing for attracting new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is that I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog , bold , colorful and different for every time .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is secondhand <unk> markets and <unk> markets .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand shops will allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to go to know <unk> people , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; my side is unique , and buying it into my personal pursuit of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
I 'm going to be from my feet ?
Would you like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Back to the subject of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does it bring with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
So inside for exactly a week , it 's all I put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after arriving here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets of sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
While I do it , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I 'm called a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to see well .
You can almost always see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole together , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost physiologically impossible , when you 're wearing a brilliant red pocket .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday -- the integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you 're going to get away from the right people , you do n't just understand you , you 're also going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remind you of your <unk> .
I like <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good at something , it 's almost sure you are .
And if you think you do n't see you with something , it probably will be true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person inside your inner and outside , there 's no look that you ca n't get attracting .
So there 's no excuse to anyone in this audience .
We should be able to do everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth to six words for you : <unk> gold , go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal and unique way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people approached this week , just by what I was wearing , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
Now , I do n't need to emotionally emotionally emotionally relate to these things , because back in the corner , there 's always going to be another crazy and colorful suit , and if there 's a little bit of love in my heart , and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logical part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you put a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint for our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where do you put your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think that for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not to be mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logical logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
One intuition that may have developed over the age of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
He was a small kid , and I did n't do it very well , he was always cane .
But I bet the play with that parking lot of parking lot taught a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little little particles .
And when they play their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre stuff -- they can go through walls , or they can be able to be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago -- you needed to make the quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit it very well to my intuition , and perhaps because I do n't play with particles very often .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody never saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles , and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's just right at the center .
And then here 's a very big approach to the small <unk> of metal .
So what we see is a little bit of metal , <unk> , and that stands out on a platform for a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new chip of silicon , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to get this hole in a swimming hole that is located under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator just , I do all kinds of odd things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or , really , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The journey of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to be expanded to quantum mechanics , you would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We 'll take the lights down , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled it all the air down , and then we cool it up to a temperature of less than absolute zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the small piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that they moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way that we had was kind of like a breath in this way -- as a bellows , it expands .
And by giving it a smooth push , we were able to make them <unk> , and that does n't go at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and you do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
You want to say that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which at once it means that all the piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was actually <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part of it .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all objects on the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just close to a little space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more profound than that .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that are around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my head that 's here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums about nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories about why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It 's going to be a great education -- not <unk> , but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
Now , better than showing you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken out of its launch .
So , just like , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around the museum there .
It 's the MoMA gallery , MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click on it , and you click ! We 're already in the museum .
No matter where they are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the upper plane , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
You 're inside , you want to go to the end of the aisle .
Keep to go ahead and go ahead . That 's going on !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the + .
If the museum shows you the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's metadata 's information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 missing pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really do with 10,000 billion pixels .
It can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this kid , his expression does n't price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I met something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that kids were actually playing something .
And so I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is about hitting a <unk> with a stick on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even more deep , and you 'll see that you can actually get the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take the picture , so you 'll actually see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we quickly jump to the MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh did actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and actually do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the <unk> night , I think I had never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things over here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely it does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we went into it , and I created this function that I call the zooming around , we just took a zooming around .
It 's about `` <unk> '' at the London Gallery in London .
You can write things up , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think , for me , the main thing is that all incredible things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , even they were n't coming from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium justice to their artwork and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think about it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy growing up with this photo on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
It 's a long time ago , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , I took a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot , they were good enough , you get the career .
This is what , in engineering , will be <unk> control systems in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're going back into the free air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and detected .
Cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet 's cortex , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something about cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> for the weekends , during the summer .
It 's called me `` buddy . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's like almost all the existing atoms were going into sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo 's dream ...
You know , when Michelangelo <unk> the Moses , you say , the end of it took the hammer , and he said that in the end , you can still see a little bit of a dent , and he said , `` Would you <unk> ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; insisting on the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer very lucky in 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember that , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity behind the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
At the afternoon , there are people over here and there , making calls , moving .
It starts the party : silence .
<unk> in France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
The end of the time , the end of the <unk> time .
The first extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy . Yes !
That night everyone went to celebrate the center .
You see the big peak .
The next day , they all went into the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> , Massimo where , from the very little Roman , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed a little little tags to track the garbage in its shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle , a little more than a year ago , to label what he was throwing ; different kinds of things , as you can see , things that would be able to forget .
And then we put a little chip , a tag , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of them .
From Seattle .
After a week .
So with this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation happening .
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
And if the plastic bottle we launched a day still goes on there .
And if we show that to people , then we can promote some change behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we mention at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came up and told us that Spain and southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , will join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine that you have a trunk and valves , <unk> tubes , <unk> that open and closed .
It was created as a curtain of water , with pixels in water .
If the pixels can be written in them , I 'll show patterns , images , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And then we took a commission to design the building to the entrance to the fence .
We call it Digital Water .
The entire building is made of water .
There 's no doors no windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up so that you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and the whole architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days always there will be somebody , in the winter , when they go down the roof , someone who was there and said , `` You know the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when you get down almost all the architecture , it disappears .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going through what 's going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do not get wet when you test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that would open to let you go , but a building that was still making <unk> and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use them .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels of the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
So imagine that those pixels could start flying .
Imagine that they could have small helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter as we saw before , moving with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , that what 's changing is light , not the missing position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different perspectives .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> from the best ballet dancers of the world today , the star of New York City and the Scala of <unk> to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see Roberto dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it captures it into different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can put it all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a farm farm , like a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of them a little bit like a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that , in the last two decades , we spent the physical world the digital world .
We 've digitized everything as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time and the Obama campaign , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they 're pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in pixels .
You can move inside , you have different experiences .
You can see it from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics in 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , they could improve the memory -- by a more accurate and faster and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better shape , be stronger , to get more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves ?
What about living with good health ?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you most like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
Audience member : Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Very few . It probably had the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` No in biology makes sense except to light of Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this : Is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , that we 're interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestry with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago .
There have been perhaps 20 25 different species of hominids .
Some have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically <unk> , which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry around in the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Antony are asked by the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is an wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want without effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick pathway to bacteria with occasional disruption of some rush <unk> .
But because of the rest , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future hold us ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or is it meant to become something different , something that 's better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one single and only <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed it .
When I first reported to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life , in cell organisms , each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when organisms appear multicellular organisms , things start to change .
It leaves the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , one might say that the inevitability of death of body death enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , death , for sex , it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was going on , every single year , every time .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , which still acting in Las Vegas , in their 90s .
And one night someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a gorgeous dancer of clothing .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came in for a <unk> of sex . ''
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to be healthy .
I wanted to get health in the disease .
I wanted us to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about moving the genome to the next generation , adapting and generation generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are like <unk> <unk> rockets to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that made me Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily do longevity .
Not necessarily favors the bigger or the stronger or the faster , and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry fish , yet , have managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So , what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of us , we 've learned to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and released from the population .
And second , as a species , we 've got our environment in order to fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated into <unk> , <unk> , and we were so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we need to happen .
A second possibility is that there is a evolution of the traditional , natural kind of , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when they kind of <unk> distant planets are going to exist and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , meaningful possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , they 're making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose on the individual and the family level .
Think about that if you could be able to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring , but in your own body , make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If you look at the future , the kind of changes will become increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost near 20,000 dollars , and on a week .
There 's not a lot to be made for the human genome to actually make the human genome for 1,000 and more and more at the reach of all .
Those changes come in .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us but they are going to induce immunity to other viruses .
Believe it , or there is no experimental research in the course of the polio influenza cells in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine then only two small changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
What if they could change sperm and eggs , or change the egg of <unk> , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , get rid of diabetes , eliminating the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier kids ?
And then , the same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about all if you could get into the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a high-speed muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in condition to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress that up to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these options in trying to make a better , more successful society ?
Or , are we going to pick different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question that we 're going to deal with .
And the most profound thing about all : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom you need to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or bad , and before you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a great bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine an engine doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistants .
So he immediately looked at it , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already thrown out the plane , and we were not so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot on the Hudson River .
Usually that 's not the route .
We got the motors .
Imagine being on a plane and without noises .
And then three words said .
The three words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've ever wanted and never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a sentence , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to get anything to you in life .
And that urgency , that purpose really has changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we put George Washington bridge , which was not for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give myself ego .
And I 'm sorry for the time I waste things that were n't really important to people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as we did , I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonder .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not scary .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was at an art of my daughter 's performance -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I shout , cry , like a small one .
And to me , that was the whole reason for the world .
At that point , I understood , when you connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father .
For all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good father .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die of that day .
And he gave me another gift , which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way .
You 're flying around today , the challenge that imagine that the same thing happens to you on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would you do , they still wait to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that can be ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important ones in the '80s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry on my legs . ''
And that was the start of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation business , so obviously , graffiti is something we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and to her cause .
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said , `` Let 's go to give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't that you 've seen Stephen <unk> 's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody who 's important and have a good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are they communicating then ? ''
Did anybody see the film `` The scuba and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they go <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I was presented with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that signed a check that did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it .
I committed to her brother and his father , right now , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't be helpful . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , they draw about that , and recorded space space .
So they go around making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they are part of a life cycle .
They start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year after a lot of organization , after a lot of organization , and a lot of an organization , and a lot of an organization was going to have done a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates for insurance companies and we got a machine that could be able to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun -- I call him <unk> because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world to <unk> from every single corner of <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to the garage behind and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> , they took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought that we 'd done something totally stupid , and that when we would have been removed from the wall pictures of the walls and in their place would be graffiti .
But for two weeks <unk> , we went to the sea ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the sea ride in Venice , some sort of copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a camera <unk> , we open it up , we set up the box on an LED light , and there 's now a device that 's free -- and it builds yourself ; we published the software <unk> software down in free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just your eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , my entire night , Tony became the first time drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot from the hospital .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends , and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
And at the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was a seven years old .
I felt like I had been underwater and someone finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our <unk> war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a disaster <unk> .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We won many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 major inventions of 2010 , and it was really cool .
And the best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up with the <unk> is that April of this year , in the Los Angeles <unk> at the center of Los Angeles , is going to have an exhibition called Art in <unk> .
And `` Art at <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically , this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the microphone , nothing was possible at some point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology , and I just recognized something , and I 'm focusing on wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want we all do every day when we 're going to find ourselves with something we feel like to do . If it 's not right now , when I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in often very difficult situations and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in war areas -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible appearance , with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of the brands , and I wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard , or no , a couple of weeks ago , I took a <unk> warning .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk on 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` You know , <unk> your <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about , and by content I could go into the face , especially if I put it in ridicule of you or your company to do it . ''
But I said that 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So still with that hypothesis , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have been told by certain .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could do me , anything I could do , for something that 's so difficult or so dangerous to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film is funded by products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest film ever sold '' is all above the top at the bottom , in principle at the end , has marks , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes in before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , the <unk> Center ...
These people <unk> the film in forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) ( MK : It 's redundant .
I 'm a <unk> redundant . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more by emphasis .
It was `` A . Stop . ''
But we 're not just going to have the <unk> sponsor , in the title , but we 're going to make sure all of the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe it 's a shoe , and it becomes the coolest shoe you 've used ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest film ever sold '' -- the best drink you 'd drink , <unk> from `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then , in addition to showing the brands as part of the life , to make them the film ? ( MS : Making the film . '' ) MS : And we actually show the full process of how it works .
The entire film of film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help you make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive it is going to be people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it take to do this ?
MS : One and a half million . ( DC : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to <unk> with them , but it 's certainly worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that film comes to us as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , for the film or to be me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : So it means you 're not very optimistic .
So do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have a few places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's roll the camera .
MS : I thought , `` cut the camera , '' meant to have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so one by one , all these companies suddenly disappear .
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today of new media and old media , and the stage of separate media , is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worth of attention , which is going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
It was n't really wrong .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this picture represents .
See , when you look at Google images on Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : the transparency -- or deception , or deception , easily detected or seen -- easily understandable , which is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- the last line is perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the <unk> , even the CEOs name .
But suddenly when it comes to what it is about to do , something changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency day -- like that rare bear that is still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable . Like this rare rural path .
And it 's also too risky .
What else is a risky thing ?
It was a whole bowl of Cool Cool bowl .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want us to tell . '
We want to tell a story , but you want to tell a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in a lie -- and there he 's at me looking at me as she was saying , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I 'd have to go through my own , I would have to take away the proxy and go to the companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to look at all of a sudden -- and I started to give me my mind is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films that make small , independent films , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood movies , say that the reason their films are so successful because the brands they have .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you get bored .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And then I offer one of these fabulous aroma .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Paradise for paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for men as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the big look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the smallest kind of film that you actually have , we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that other marks have .
So do things like that , you know , to remind people of people is the reason we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to speak ?
This is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : higher tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` <unk> '' and sweat .
It 's keeping you cool .
How do you hold ourselves fresh ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
They 're things like those who will make the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the street man in the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my mark ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , punk punk ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One one . ( MS : unique . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , a lot of gray gray things and things like that .
And usually I carry accessories as a sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan were a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I 'm a casual <unk> call .
Woman 2 : In part of hippie hippie , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
Let 's build toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because they deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we can not all be <unk> , but I 'm often reminded of the intersection of dark <unk> and casual tea .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` marks personality . ''
And I found a company called Arthur <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discovering that personality .
If they could do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- as people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All those things come from and start in a place , and in my case it comes and start in my family in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next day , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and how to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , `` Why does that work ? ''
What 's the machete ? What a <unk> point is now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What does the red represent ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of mountain mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of crazy things out there .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They got very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies are only becoming aware of one of their strengths , or on the other instead of focusing on both .
Many companies tend to help avoid the things that are not secure ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you are in fact to sink and make them become positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here , Target , Wii , Mini , scoop and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come but a <unk> brand is something pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to take your identity identity , your brand personality , what would be ?
Are you a top-down attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more a downward attribute ?
A little harder , reserved , conservative ?
The logging attributes are like being playful to be cool to be cool like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold like <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystical or mystical .
Or are you a lot more <unk> ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you running , traditional , vendor , protector ? You 're told with Oprah ?
You 're trustworthy , it 's stable , family , reliable , confident , contemplative , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , bottom-up and descending companies , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this movie , mostly because they would n't have no control , would have no control over the final product .
We allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of the desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing , like film .
We went to <unk> Paulo .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are becoming road in schools with liquidity problems in the U.S .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest answer or the ones I 've had more successful are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly to the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that is going to make people think , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the movie in January , and since then -- and that 's not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just about two and a half weeks ago .
That 's just online -- no press , no press .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has started to win momentum .
And it 's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about to their customers are not part of .
I 've always believed that if you risk that if you risk risks , if you take risks , that there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train your employees at risk of risk , they 're preparing their own business to lack of rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to take chances .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we need to give fear to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . Give us the risk .
From <unk> at once , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
Today , more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk `` The Transparency <unk> '' has been presented with my good friends of <unk> who , for name 's rights to <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for businesses around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , on the name of transparency , that happened exactly with that $ 's worth ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the TED matrix of TED , the Sapling Foundation , a check for Women 's worth for TED in the next year .
The idea behind the worm cybercrime is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we could put a cash cash virus on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a <unk> Windows .
The <unk> goes into the gray box , but the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is slow down ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : the <unk> using multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
So that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what happened with this .
So they went through very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a lab rat that we did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then of experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a headed attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific setup , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is effectively working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , an example of an American energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
We 'd better get the goal away .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we found that there was structured in two digital bombs : a small and big one .
We also found that they were very professionally by people who obviously had all the information internal information .
Let 's get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much it fits .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet 's <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this code of attack .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
And it looks pretty good at the old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning were calls on the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and tried to deal with the real world , with potential targets in the world .
We need theories about recipients of recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
In order to reach theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent person , it has to be a valuable white person , and there 's surely located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
It 's not several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to marry their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
So rotor is that a mobile part within the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you manage the speed of this rotor , they can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
And we 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> watching very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number stands out in that code , you ca n't get it away .
I started investigating scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
A structure almost identical .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
It 's not like this .
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work .
<unk> <unk> on dead ends and we had to go back .
And yet , we discovered that both digital warheads were going to be on a single goal , but from different perspectives .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident where we 've determined what 's the recipient .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about the other goals that other targets are going to be <unk> by Stuxnet .
So I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the values of the sensors for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , this fake input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies , where , during the robbery , the safety camera feeds on video <unk> .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't be fast .
For example , on an energy plant , when the large steam turbine goes off , you have to open up tubes in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And they do n't have the security system or the security system .
That scares you .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> .
It could also work , for example , a plant of energy , or an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , that disseminate this payload with a USB key , as we saw in the Stuxnet case .
You could also use conventional technology of worms for <unk> .
It would be possible as possible .
And if you made that , with what we think about is a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of targets for such is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and we have better to start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , there 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main thing behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay . Do you really want to hear this ?
Okay . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one alone , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be older .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and that I give you a little bit of a robot , and another that makes users of chairs from the wheels , get up and go back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' called these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than you put in the morning , it gives you a big force , which is also increasing your speed , and helps you , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of the man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and hook it up with the universe and with other foreign things .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started to talk about the American soldier that , on average , should take a 45 pound load of 45 pounds , and you 're pushing it up even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic leg damage .
So we decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- it 's a <unk> Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> I can carry 90 kilos for variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to be squatting in crawling and running a lot of agility .
What I want to do , or where I want to go , and then raise my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back now looking at users of wheelchairs , about what I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , like , in lawn chairs , all over the world .
About one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with the spinal cord that when they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years collide with a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population that you 're aging at the very quickly .
Their only option , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from their successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> , which is using Amanda 19 years ago who 19 years ago he had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result could n't be able to walk back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It 's got sensors .
It 's completely not invasive on the crutches that send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give the motors to the engines on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it progress with this smooth , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing down a little paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sense and all the motion of pelvis .
Little while later , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never get to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last little bit of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , it has allowed me to learn how to <unk> it cost in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride on my hand bike .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all users of chairs in the wheelchair .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have baton , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their living relatives .
That means we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done very much focused on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying , society 's society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost so many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also puts in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
The <unk> trade and the deforestation makes you not fill and a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure that .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` make the love , not war , '' because they have frequent , <unk> and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
By bonobos , as humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , for them , play is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game enhances creativity and resilience and has to do with diversity generation -- diversity of interactions , diversity diversity , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the actual evolutionary roots , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a single couple of unique videos just taken out of the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` You have <unk> . ''
I just believe that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common as well in bonobos as in humans .
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing things to unusual elements , like <unk> and also how play requires trust and <unk> trust -- and at the same time , it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is going .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water that 's just playing water .
I think , as she , we sometimes play alone , and we explore the limits of our inner worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that are formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future where we need to adapt to a more and more difficult world with more creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a success of a world that changes we have to play .
But how do we play our game capability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the least appropriate play , you can be the moments in which it 's the most urgent thing .
That 's why , primates , let us embrace this gift of evolution and play together while we were eating creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting the poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where volunteers are at a highly trained staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer at the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to reach the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was standing in a conversation with the owner that has certainly went through one of the worst days of life .
We were in the middle of the night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the mountain , in barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> , came first to the captain , and he asked her to go inside and save the dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was exhausted jealous . ''
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , he would have to tell the people who walked into a burning building to save a living , because I got it for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to join the house .
I need to go up , put the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went on the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> firemen that that height was just finished off the fire , and I went into the prime room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back down the staircase , where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog at the front door .
We got out of the house the house treasures where , as it was to wait , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house ' owner 's home to be able to save their home .
Now , kindness that she watched for me was that someone had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like my calling as a fireman , I 'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're for a remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : not wait .
Do n't wait for the first one million to make the difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it now .
He <unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have a chance to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I put the shoes up .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks , they built into <unk> with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build larger things that we , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
So essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , we came up with this thing .
He called her machine assembly brick .
And in a few years , the <unk> bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've made over 400 billion or 75 billion bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
<unk> made it accessible .
<unk> just took the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks in each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was only for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each one with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about all is they link through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in the wrong way .
<unk> have a colored code .
The green is the output , the pink is the input , the pink is the entrance , and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue one with a green one , and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one can produce light .
We can put a button in the middle and we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , <unk> , you can program it using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world , they 're going to get together to bricks , ready to use .
Enlightenment , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything has to be accessible .
We 've had <unk> to kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , what a night light works , or why the door of an elevator is kept open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without any electronic experience start playing with <unk> like a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
A few weeks ago , we took the designers of the Rhode Island School School of Design , who do n't have some kind of cardboard , and in cardboard , wood and paper and said , `` Do something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a cannon , <unk> cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a locust made of play-dough that is afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach all of us .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the web page , you can download all the design files and make it back .
We want to encourage the world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar industry .
And my little firm seeks to engage the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You might take a little bit of load .
We can -- we can continue to get the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm like a time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was <unk> for America , and it would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We 've got some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made great applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
His job is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
Now , meet Al .
This is a hydrant from Boston City .
Here 's what it looks like if I would look at a date , but what you really search for is someone clean it up when it 's trapped by the snow , because they know it 's not very good at turning up fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
And they were there in February , and at that time it 's very far back last year .
They realized that the city has never wiped these hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens would be born with shovels the sidewalks in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant .
You agree to clean up when it snows .
When you do it , you put a name on this case , in this case he put him in .
If you do n't do it , someone can get it .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology is accomplished .
And it goes viral .
A responsible responsible woman responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this app that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to have tsunami <unk> .
It 's very important that these tsunami <unk> , but people would get the batteries .
So he asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens <unk> storm drains .
And Chicago just released it to get people in order to clean up sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it .
And this has been spreading <unk> , naturally and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that it 's done by normal channels would have taken at least two and next two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the criminal power of California that at the moment , 2,000 billion dollars and does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an app that shows up in a couple of days , and it spreads into viral form is a kind of warning warning to the institution of government .
It suggests to the government better ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Nor as a technological company , but more well as the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in and generative , generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the government of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's very good because it turns out we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration for that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And that is , if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that you get crazy , the government is essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we alone ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , you 're going to ask you to get it to you , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately made out of us -- remember that of `` We , the people '' -- the way to think about it , will change the way that change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is about everything , about <unk> .
This is the phone care center of services and information .
It 's the place that the calls serving calls if you mark yourself in America .
Scott answered this call .
He entered `` <unk> '' in the official knowledge base .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , can you open the door of the house , put good music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a calls center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
Do n't make that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York City <unk> from Boston .
One day , this has actually happened , this request : `` <unk> on my garbage cube . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that for you ? ''
The <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> , `` everything is public , so you all can see this .
In this case , it saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to voluntary voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of governance as a platform .
And I do n't necessarily mean the technical definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get into and help others .
So , one citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected the two people .
And it could be connected to the government services of government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , <unk> communities .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
Many people understand it , but they think you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry into the government system is the vote .
How many times have we chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfied our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> layer of 15 inches .
underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what keeps us that we 've funded it as something that 's operating in our against , that other thing , and a consequence , are losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sensual .
Because it 's where the true work of government occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed report about 325 pages in response to the request of the <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism ; bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've resigned to the government , it 's time to ask the question of what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't without government without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that technology is possible to root the root of government , the function of government , so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not that hard to act <unk> , just that we have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years from 28 years , so I said , again , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and doing that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about , you 're all going to talk .
They can express your views on any channel at the same time , and they do it .
So when the government problem are facing them , they do n't really care about to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They set out the work to program applications that make the government better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning up a hydrant , taking away weeds and dumping a garbage garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are like a digital reminders of a digital reminders that we are not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we 're <unk> taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they not <unk> citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or are we also going to be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and on death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here is the impact on everybody .
Occasionally , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here 's fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the law practice , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional educational family dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in every family discussion .
She initiated a lot of the <unk> in our home .
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia , in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880s and his experience with slavery to <unk> the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but it was <unk> .
When I was a little kid , I looked at it , she was approaching me and I was like a good hug .
I became so hard I could barely breathe , and then I dropped off .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at it , I was approaching , and I was like , `` Do you still feel like my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'm sleeping again , and if I said yes , I left peace .
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of the 10 .
At times , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to get his time and her attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at it and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , I went through the room , I took my hand and said , `` Come <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside and said , `` Let 's tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'll argue that you wo n't do that . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know I 've been looking at you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to do is you want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> that I always miss . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to do is that you 're always going to do the right thing , but the right thing to be hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want to do is you 're never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yeah , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South Side of rural , and I have a brother a older year and a sister a younger sister .
When I was 14 15 , a day my brother came home with a pack of six beers , I do n't know where he pulled them out , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
So we 're just doing the crazy madness .
He took a taste of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no , no . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you 're going to <unk> it . You 're always doing the same as we do . ''
I had something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I did n't feel good . You can go . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me at me .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
And he went on a force and went , `` Oh , you 're not still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` What are you talking about ? ''
And he said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren they 're special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit to you .
I 'll tell you something I should probably not say .
I know this spreading widely .
But I have 52 years and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be a virtue ; I say it by the power of identity .
When we create the right type of identity , we say things to the others that really do n't see any sense .
We ca n't get to do things that do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died from age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to commit it .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different than 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million today .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor or black communities , you find so much <unk> , so despair , determined by these facts .
One out of three black , at the age of 18 , and the 30 years is in jail or a probation in probation .
In the urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young men in prison , or in the freedom .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country we have a criminal system that gives you a lot better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth that affects the results .
And it seems that we feel very confident .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We are disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work at some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're reporting away from rights forever if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we toss it to the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it passed the law law to vote .
We have this awesome silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where to be predicted to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , without chance to go out .
Now we 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people on death row .
This issue of death row is interesting .
Do you make a sense of thinking that the final question is , people deserve to die for the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake .
In every nine persons executed , it has identified one that is innocent , which is <unk> and liberated from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
aviation would never be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , one would have been crashing .
But we somehow isolate the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue that we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the rebuilding of the rebuilding of World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The threat of terror was what they defined their lives .
Now there are older people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you say , talks , <unk> people who stop saying that in our history we 're dealing with the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial surgeries and separation of separation .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we have historically understood .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't overcome race segregated without a compromise with the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we did n't .
I was in Germany , giving lectures to death row .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's okay worrying about listening to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We 'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that we have our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational than we , intentional and deliberately , put us to execute people . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , we did n't have people , especially if they were in their Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these difficult issues , the positive , positive things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're really fascinated by technology . We would love creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
We talked lately about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that will never come to TED .
You think about them , in a way , something that 's inside our self .
We have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so engaged with the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development comes not just from brain ideas .
These things come from Alzheimer 's ideas , also by the heart of the heart .
This <unk> of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not only in the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard thing .
Solar <unk> , the great leader , was talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe , suffering , we looked at all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , orientation for spirit , a will for being in places of despair and will be witness . ''
Well , that orientation for spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , has to commit .
There are no related disconnect with technology and design , that allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity that if we ignore these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women got together just to speak .
Occasionally , lady <unk> called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , comes the Mrs. Parks . We 're going to get to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I do want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I would just listen to them .
It was a very <unk> , very <unk> thing .
And one occasion was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice management .
We try to end the sentences of life , without parole .
We try to do something about death row .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave him all my best speech , and then I looked at me and said , `` Mmm mmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned on , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with these challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because ultimately humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst that we 've made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if someone takes something that belongs to it , it 's not a thief .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a murderer .
So , I think there is basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very <unk> , not to be judge by our technology , by our designs , not by our intellectual capacity or rational .
In the end , you judge the character of a society , not by the way the rich , powerful and privileged , but the way poor people treat , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound topics about what we are .
Sometimes I feel broken . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my heroes in a major way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of a lot of toughness .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients who are 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> so that they were as adults as adults .
And I start to think , how can it be ?
How can a judge convert someone into what it is n't ?
The judge <unk> as an adult , but I see a kid .
One night , I was awake in thinking -- `` Oh God , if the judge can convert you into something you 're not , must have magical powers . ''
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something about that .
As it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old customer , a little poor , black .
I started working on <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my 14 year-old black customer , I 'm treated as a <unk> , CEO of a corporation . ''
And I did , in <unk> , I put improper in accusation in accusation , in the behavior of police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that insane thing would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was not just <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I was truly overwhelmed by overwhelmed .
I was in the car at court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got out of the car . I walked to the court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a bigger black man ; it was the <unk> of the court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Are you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That was deeply connected to my inside , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences .
When the judge saw me .
He said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yeah , sir . '' And we started discussing .
People started to get . They were all upset .
I was the one who had written those crazy things .
And the policemen came in policemen and the attendees of them .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . All furious because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I had to see the <unk> that was going and came .
He would look around the window and let me hear the whole thing .
It kept walking over here and there .
And finally , this old black , with a face of concern , walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the sheriff 's assistant , he showed him upset because the <unk> had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> on the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the boardroom ? ''
And the old black guy stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view in the goal with <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
We can not be truly human beings , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is attached to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must be transferred to brotherhood , <unk> and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view in the goal with such way .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just hear and see an obvious desire in the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There 's various opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to prescribe the funds that are spent on punishment today .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row , over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide , not <unk> at arrests .
56 percent of the rapes come to nothing .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that the funding is going to be funded by the law of security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a massive decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it 's got to do with the biggest rate of <unk> .
What would you say that is that ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate in violence has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in massive <unk> in this country is not for crimes .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why it emerges this dramatic increase in prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual food , to steal a bicycle , by small crimes against property , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not least .
I think that our current philosophy on punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been excited about today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you so much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : <unk> threats death from bin Laden .
<unk> : <unk> in Somalia . Voice 2 : The police squirt gas .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> . <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> : <unk> . <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> : <unk> tsunami . <unk> . <unk> . <unk> .
Several <unk> : War of drug War . mass destruction , mass destruction .
Recession : <unk> . <unk> .
Crisis . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months , which could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media 's media will prefer to hold negative news , because our minds pay them attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of our senses , our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters more than to survive , the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could be hurt .
So that 's why a bunch of stories would have to look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices provide us negative news for the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong in worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Perhaps , instead , what 's really happening is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces that are accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of the species , the water scarcity , the water scarcity .
As human beings are very good at <unk> the problems , and in the long , we 've just got them .
Let 's take what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life is more than doubled , the average income per capita income has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the world literacy has been 25 percent over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We are really living at an extraordinary time .
Many people forget about it .
And we continue to bring more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , most of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , TV , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> in the rubber century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of that luxury .
It 's a lot of technology and , lately , exponential growth .
My good friend , Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that was going on technology technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and double the price of price for about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is in our pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession and on the rise .
So it 's a quick video result used to build faster computers .
It stops none of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it gets curve up .
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , to Moore 's Law , there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friends , are called infinite computing , sensors and networks , the robotics , the 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized , all the planet , the synthetic biology , the fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and A.I . .
I mean , how many you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy ' Jeopardy '' `` Jeopardy ? ''
It was spade .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline I had .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> to opponents humans . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
He plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on your cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact a billion people today .
Thirty years ago , that would be <unk> absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create a fancy life for every single city of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that 's scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the mid-'70s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited the king of <unk> .
The troops from Napoleon ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , he ate covered with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth more than the gold and platinum .
That 's why the Washington tip comes to Washington is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come from pure metal .
It 's tied to oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came up and made of the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it were <unk> .
Let 's put this analogy into the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They go to the Earth 16 every 88 , every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated <unk> : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
solar energy cost dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that by the end of the decade , in the American parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents the <unk> per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed at the Voyager 's spacecraft to the Earth , 1990 , then that happened Saturn ?
He brought a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent of water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for half percent of the water on the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology that 's available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , it gave me permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> , the <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of salt water , polluted water , <unk> by less than two cents a liter .
The president of Coca-Cola is going to have a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence that this is going to be , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation by this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to the 70 percent of the mobile phone penetration in the end of 2013 .
Think about that , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that the president Reagan ago 25 years ago .
And to tell with an intelligent phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information and communications that no one could have predicted .
Now , better than that , the things that you and I have paid for , and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , images , images , libraries of books and music technology , <unk> technology , now <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe I get the best thing to come when the applications are in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation -- something called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak , and because it 's got A.I . , you can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity are 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device has a <unk> RNA virus or DNA that does not recognition , I 'll call the <unk> and , in the first place , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just gone from seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , going from two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds , never before heard of the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What does it ? What wishes will you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And health care for the <unk> , of a better education with <unk> Academy , and because of the use of 3D prints and computer computing , will be more productive than ever before .
What can they provide us three billion more members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
How about voices never before heard ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were before the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
Let 's go back at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played these university professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined together , and started playing it .
And it has shown that today the machinery of pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take on the big challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that are going to get us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he wore a finches , but it was n't like that .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught a lot until the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List of the IUCN .
But we heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they 're still intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story , it also illustrates another concept : shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 by studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could get it .
I burned a lot to the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , in a forest .
There were <unk> from about 20 centimeters , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very plentiful and spent for a good moment , so he became more than average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the amount of fish had dropped in half .
Let 's go back at five centimeters .
It 's going to be a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish still were happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , they started in <unk> Europe done a lot of development projects .
fishing development was to impose to the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called <unk> 4 .
I went fishing in it , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea <unk> , and above all , in the Java Sea .
What we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges and other animals that are at the bottom .
And most fish are tiny , tiny , tiny spots on some remains , remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the sea bottom came on the deck and then was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid coral backdrop , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote them because they were dead .
Once we captured a living .
It was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they 've never fish .
But it 's not recorded .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
I mean , the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you put this up .
On the y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , many killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the supply of water .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things <unk> .
Every generation will use the images , they received the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and you extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
They do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at an idea of change .
And at the end of the end to keep some miserable remains .
And that , in large , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies have killed animals without knowing what they 've done until a few generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very plentiful , before extinct , is unusual .
You do n't lose any plentiful animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They 're becoming uncommon because the <unk> .
Over time you have a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will do that because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you have , as the captain of some of you have , as a captain of the captain of the captain of this area ca n't be used or , usually they do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
There 's a huge role in there that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with the marine protected areas , we actually recreating the past .
You know the past that people ca n't conceive of , because the starting point has been straight and very low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine protected area can benefit from the vision that provides , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think that the arts and cinema can fill the vacuum , the simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about how people moved with the film -- I 'm going to talk about the story of why we 're going to deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in some sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to make `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why videos are made viral and importance of that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed something very , very difficult .
But today , the web makes any of us , or of our actions , copper from a part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours to YouTube a minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage goes viral , gets lots of views and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , communities of participation , participation , and a surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside of his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popular rise of last summer .
You did n't want to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if you 're called Yosemite Mountain Law .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel in published this tweet that <unk> the video to the popularity .
This creators of trends like Jimmy Kimmel in us present new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start on Friday . You all want the weekend , the weekend : <unk> , Friday , starting on Friday , and you wo n't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Just like <unk> rainbow , this video seemed to have popped out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was a Friday , right .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter .
But what 's important is that one person or a group of creators take on a view , and they share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who shares this big internal joke then , then starts talking about that and doing things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody of each other days .
Unlike the one-way century of the 20th century , this communal participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat , '' is a repetitive animation with a music .
That 's what it is .
This year they saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw another cats , watching the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up with the Internet <unk> community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of it .
And then it became international .
All of a sudden , a whole community of remix , which made this happen to be a joke that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` rainbow double '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat ? ''
What script might have written that we would have written this situation ?
In a world where two days of video are coming up two video days , just that truly unique and unexpected can be able to figure out how these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a kind of <unk> protest in New York , I admit I did n't get too interested .
Casey <unk> : I was ticket <unk> by <unk> , but there are often obstacles that keep you circular in the <unk> properly .
KA : Thanks to the surprise effect , and his humor , Casey <unk> to get five million watching and understood their idea .
So this approach is worth everything new things that we 're doing creative .
And all of this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The <unk> creators , the creative , the very unexpected creative communities , are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , that we all have access to the audience , which defines the popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the world 's celebrity celebrity , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You ca n't borrow permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owner of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , they 're just the media , but they will define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by the unique unit and freedom of his country .
Imagine the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long friends , were making fun .
They 're stuck in silence .
He died of broken .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget her story .
My job was to not let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to bring them out , but I 'm sorry .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of dawn and <unk> to the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task alone : <unk> of his family and new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a four-year-old <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid to the sea dressed in the sea ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear were pirate , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother had a <unk> with poison .
If we would catch up , we 'd first take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the <unk> diving into each wave , and the vast horizon and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirate people several times , but they were <unk> with the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to tear away for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , and finishing the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations , shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers who are workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle of the middle class of class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> English fragments were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT title .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and that is that an extra mentoring in English and math , would n't matter what you should take away , which was usually new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because he had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` <unk> , go home . ''
So where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> it . ''
My mother , my sister and I stood in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we were shocked by our day and listening to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be waking up until his nightmares started to be able to get them .
She opened a computer shop , and then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition and angry , angry , and kids are stuck with two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , relentless with what he took from myself .
In the other hand , I was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many people were given help over the years .
And for that job , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young of the year .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
So I read an anonymous resident , it was now so I read , refugee and social activist , invited to talk to you on places that I 'd never heard of , name , and in houses whose existence had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use them covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters to end the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and left <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do .
It reminded me that I had the same age as she had when we got up the boat .
The `` No '' had ever been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` And you 're not what these are not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> it to the marginalized and the ones .
And the more frankly he spoke , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new on the scene -- and not only is it right , but it 's something that I 'm grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because if you can easily mean <unk> horizons , it can easily mean accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps outside my happy place to know that , yes , the world breaks out , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they did n't have been <unk> were incredibly <unk> .
There was an energy there , artificial optimism , a strange mixture of humility and courage .
So I followed my intuition .
And they would take a small group of people who the slogan `` No '' was an irresistible challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he made a giant soup of soup that we all shared .
They went to well at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
After one single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother used only .
At the age of 17 , he became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
With no support of her husband , he caused a mistake to her <unk> and bring the cause , and much more <unk> caused when he won .
The ca n't be wrong .
I was in the shower in the bedroom in Sydney when she died , 2,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the <unk> of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let him go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell them stories , and we make sure that we were still with it .
At night , a monk came up and told us that he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to hold their hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because we were and how life formed us , we can now see that men who would have come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might want that to do ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of the easy , the right .
I can give you a <unk> in their lives , a courageous way in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if you could give it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother of this is today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the ancient Indian epic epic .
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a cart and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great Indian warrior , he was thirsty , he pulled an arc and <unk> on the ground , collected water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that makes me very excited .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I 'm reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow me to do the magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his silver lining .
And this <unk> technology was for my most magic thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , from hackers and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent them .
We hold our inspiration .
That 's why I launched , I launched this kind of technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of kill her .
<unk> books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device that I can connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
Put the text together with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for the iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... `` I write my name . ''
And so I get a character from the book .
Now , at several times a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live with GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner child gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but that 's the magic of childhood , those kinds of ideas that were born from children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So , over here , we need to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And indeed , they light up your way on what the subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was that a whole galaxy <unk> in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and every world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magical device inside of the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every fantasy book there has always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it 's also revealed .
Now I 'm going to go into .
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their counterparts in Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on the Indra cameras over the millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
In a story that deals with today is the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems for the last 10 years has been to be locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to recover this ritual of childhood , you have to go out and , in a chapter , take a picture to a flower and then <unk> it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then rush .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A little boy in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been gone .
Within variations of connection between the magic , Earth and technology there are many possibilities .
In the next book we said to have an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad and the video switched on , and through augmented reality , you see a bunch of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
The screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and be able to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
They put the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> a head of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and acquaintances , `` What 's going on ? ''
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all of us , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , we just stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It has a switch on and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge of getting to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect to , sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him too , so he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when he needs assistance or some urgency of that style , but he can see her backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I get up to my car , people begins to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure for the pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , you can <unk> it to move people out of their chairs and together , they will develop some recreational activities for more control of their health .
From next week , it 's going to be available .
It 's a little bit connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to the control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us care for health care because of the challenges that we face , as the cost of the cost of attention , the doubling of demand and other themes .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things that we made to share share with you with you with you .
We all have shipping controls in cars .
Maybe we have on our phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are in <unk> .
It 's also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was crowdsourcing the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that , if you look at a <unk> , please go back where , and when it 's open , because sometimes you open up at a time lapse and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next weeks use their phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to do it globally .
We 're on all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing crowdsourcing around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies all over the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
You could be <unk> <unk> or telephony <unk> , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my films .
Or is it <unk> ' photography ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my previous passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pressed .
For me , photography had more to be in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to press the trigger .
Photos like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected turn .
And , despite that , it holds a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time , but the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say , I mean , I mean , I mean , I mean .
Because , of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to look like it 's been captured in some way as a photograph .
And since you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to be able to capture an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes it look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did you get the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So you get to the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a realist , I think , is that we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But when you combine photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be seen .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But they combine , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures should have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combine you must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are doing with these requirements , they were taken by the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do the impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
Here 's another example .
You might think this is the picture of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally comprised of photographs of different places .
In the staff , I think it 's easier to create a place that you find , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in the winter I knew I had several months to go through them , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
And shore is a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone manhole .
And I know , even I made a red red thing the house on the island of the island to make it more Swedish .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think it takes planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , the result can be very beautiful and as a realist .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start by showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram anybody I took from a folder .
I 'm not so interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
So what 's interesting about this is that this one , as many others we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about <unk> technology is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm just going to talk about .
Please turn the lights up .
It 's more intensity , because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw them on a normal curve that , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to draw on , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we see a straight line .
But if something happens , something like this , you give qualitative change .
If the technology of transport will be transformed as fast as microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go to that rhythm .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , that every few years to advance magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not still forever .
It 's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's take one of two things .
Or you can turn it into a typical curve , like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe that 's going to happen .
From being like that , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and wonder , is , what is that new form of embracing the world ?
Where new state is going the world ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're embedded in it .
I remember a kid the future was happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all going to be so different that we 're extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take a distance and look at things in the long term .
The scale of the time I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every one billion years .
So we go back two and a half billion years old when the Earth was a <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that spread around them .
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , I had floating around with a few hundred of oil with all sorts of chemical prescriptions inside it .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them to incorporate materials out of the outside , and the drops grew .
And they started to divide .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those droplets of oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random prescription recipe .
And every time they had divided , an unequal distribution of the chemicals that had it .
So every droplet was a little different .
In fact , drops them in some ways being better at bringing up the chemicals around ; grew more , more chemicals and more divided .
They were usually living longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple , but things were interesting , when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't understand these droplets , they learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved and two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code .
Here I have a hundred white powder that I 'm trying to hide at airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and there would be spread through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing the DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy for another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming these cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin , and they were <unk> them to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to the communities that were forming communities that , in a way , were together in that ; and a synergy set of synergy .
So they survived or failed together , whether if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community would be taken more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities came up so much , in fact , they came together , and they decided to write the whole prescription of the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many types of different cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't use the heart of the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels of cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened inside these communities .
And they started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't do more than processing information in community .
They are the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that those mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community , which are responsible for record , understanding and convey information .
Those are the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not to the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn to eat a certain piece of fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit processing .
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures expanded to the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time you need to learn .
But then of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting around doing a few grunting and hopefully building a similar , vague idea , in your head that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated , we make it sound , in sequences of sound , and produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
We now go through periods of periods to multicellular organisms , we abstract our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so forth , are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to manage that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales .
The first stages of history that I would tell you a billion years every one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , the next language , took less than a million years .
And the next , like electronics , it seems to be just a few decades .
The process is safe , and I guess it 's the right word to name something that speeds up its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is safe .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that I did to design them would not be possible without recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me , design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor is in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine it does something that could n't be done , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes use methods that do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
So we put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
And we say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million sign randomly ?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random , to run all those programs , and take those of those programs that we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to try a simple example .
So we found the programs that are coming up to setting up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely to some random instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the best job ?
<unk> those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to show you the best of the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a process of analogous to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which would be <unk> , which will be <unk> <unk> , and that the kids would be able to make the properties of both of these programs .
So we got a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please do this process . ''
Let 's take it back .
We 've got some mutations .
It 's trying to get it back and forth with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we end up with shows that they 're looking absolutely perfect .
In fact , they are programs much more efficient than I could have written by hands .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , strangers .
But they keep doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security of the goal , because they come from a lineage of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once I was going on a 747 with Marvin Minsky , and he gets a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer safe flight . Does n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces .
However , we do n't understand the whole options that are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so being able to run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds off it .
The thing goes faster and faster , and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies feed off .
We 're taking off .
And we are at an analog moment of the cell organisms when they became multicellular .
We are amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes to .
But now it comes lunch , and I think stop here before I got stuck .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough time for me to give up a part of my fake of my fake of mine .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , you 're approaching the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's about to go `` <unk> rules '' -- talk about the statistics , and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you know it .
It 's called <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and anyone who tries to throw it out at the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball age ?
By the way , that 's someone who 's 10 <unk> , it 's four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Williams , the last player from the Major League of <unk> in doing more 400 strikes in a regular season .
Now I 'm suggesting this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you 've got <unk> , and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a place away and a loved self has two clogged coronary arteries and your family doctor derived from a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's dramatically improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But ask them .
What do you think is the average of hits a cardiac surgeon , or a prosthetic surgeon , or a nurse 's <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a care .
What we do , however , is to send them up to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
Never , ever , do make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that was going on when I was in medical school .
I was a <unk> obsessional .
Once a doctor in high school said that Brian Sachs studied to a blood test .
Which .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses of the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my class of my anatomy , the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery coming out of your aorta , the frequent differential differential and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was pretty good at this ; I graduated .
And you know , <unk> of medical school with the impression that if they were going everything , then he would know everything , or as possible , close to all , because I 'm going to make it out of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident in a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady <unk> to the emergency room , where I was working .
At that time , I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when the emergency patient asked a cardiologist to go to that patient .
He 's reporting to the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was very fast .
I hear a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a sound embedded in both sides , which gave me a congestive sound failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , they go to blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did that and I started working on treatment I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to ease the pressure in his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that he could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt pretty good .
And that was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't pick up the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , which was to call my boss , and I 'd come back with him to see it .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to give them any case .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to be a constant resident .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake that I made was worse .
When he send her home , he did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said , `` Free , '' not a good idea . Do n't do it .
In fact , I was so unsure that until the nurse was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think that 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said absolutely <unk> , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance with the ambulance .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leaving the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home , and at that moment , I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency room on the road .
And another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another one , he told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who fear it also , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : You remember , you know ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent home ? ''
The other nurse was <unk> <unk> .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same voice tone .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
In an hour of having come to their house , after I gave her high , suffered a collapse and his family called 911 and the ambulance brought to 911 with a blood pressure of 50 millimeters of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I was barely breathing and blue .
The staff staff would run all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
They put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> up to the spinal cord .
It had a mixture of feelings , because then the <unk> was in intensive care therapy , waiting against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , the next three days was evident that never <unk> .
He had an damage brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 're terrified of what was happening .
And at the ninth day , they let him go . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of dying .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I experienced it for it and experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make peace and it never makes that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad , we are bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a charm .
I spoke to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to make things up and make sure that I did n't get bored .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't my boss ask my boss ? Why sent him home ?
And in my worst moments , why made it such a stupid mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by the feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , it opened up the sky and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with me myself where if I had to put the efforts to be perfect to do not make more mistakes , I would make up those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it went back .
Two years later , he was assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital in Northern Toronto , and I got to a <unk> man with a pain .
I was very busy .
And he would stand up here .
I noticed her throat , I was a little bit old .
He would take him penicillin and sent him to his house .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my head shift , my boss asked me to talk to me with me with myself .
And I uttered the three words : Does you remember .
Remember the patient he saw for a pain .
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but it 's about the top air , and that it can cause the closing of those things .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
They managed antibiotics because of it <unk> and recovered in a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back and returned to work , until it happened over and over again , and again .
Two times in the same emergency turn of E.R . <unk> <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're assisted at 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , not sent home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out , a colleague who was checking a certain sensibility in the lower right corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
He ordered him liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I looked at it .
I checked it , and he noticed some sensitivity in the lower right corner , called the surgeon .
They 're both operated on and recovered .
But every single case I 'm stuck with , I devoured me .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
<unk> have been over the last five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get to me and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the word that I 'm going to tell you what 's going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach this to do the same mistakes ?
If I entered a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues as well , that a <unk> in my hospital , the wrong leg , believe me he would have difficulty looking at her eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and those who do n't sleep , and the ones that have lousy outcomes and the ones that have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we do n't take care of medicine to people who make mistakes , we 're going to get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a <unk> medical practice and medical mistakes to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto song to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that the mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where errors happen every day , in which one in 10 <unk> drugs in the hospital are wrong , or delivery is not right . In a system where the hospital-acquired infections are getting more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 15,000 Canadian medical mistakes .
The U.S. Institute in American Medicine set 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not scratching the problem as we should .
And so they 're things .
A hospitable system where knowledge takes up every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of it .
You sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with their chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it 's coming to <unk> with <unk> eyes and <unk> alcohol , and suddenly my story <unk> about contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all of the instruments in error , well , no one will be left .
And what about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show : `` <unk> white , white art , '' it 's a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance and the head of heart surgery : `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And we 'll put the microphone
And their students got out , <unk> , to go down the head and pick it up and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
I could say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know human , accepts it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but he strives for learning from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who are talking about their mistakes .
We will tell other people 's errors , not with the intention of catch , but in a loving way and the support , so that they all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes at the time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a <unk> doctor .
I 'm a human .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm going to be able to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
So recently , I did a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to choose a half a means 70 to the day .
Not a lot of research , in a research followed for a week to a group of CEOs .
The researchers recorded the different tasks <unk> by these executives and the time that we were trying to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , they <unk> jobs a week .
Now , naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many you belong to the category of nine minutes , how many of an hour ?
How did they deal with the way that they deal with those decisions .
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice for options overload .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
While I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , just raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the options overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , and they would take a very , very high supermarket -- at least in that time , was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , more than 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 in bottled water , and this was when we took water from the tap .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I wondered , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does it work well this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that were coming every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with the <unk> .
hallway .
They had a different class .
<unk> a <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put out of six flavors , or of 24 tastes different , and we looked at two things : First , what did people have been willing to stop testing ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , than when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy an jar of jelly .
So here we find the opposite effect .
When they stopped when it was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
Those who stood when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jars .
If we do the calculations , people had six times as likely to buy jelly if they found six , if they were 24 .
Well , to decide we ca n't buy jelly jelly , you 're probably good at the way , but you 're good at <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of choices overload us in <unk> decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this will not be appropriate .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we saw the decisions about saving retirement about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in looking at whether the number of funding breaks into retirement plans for retirement , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that I actually had a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that went from two to 59 different options .
We found that the older number of funding was , the number of funding , had less participation .
So if you look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you want .
And in the plans that offered about 60 dollars , the rate of participation went down to the 50th percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those of you who decided to participate , the older number of choices , more people will be empowered to avoid the stock or the investment funds .
As much as there were more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that are <unk> to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is still when it goes against their self-interest .
They 're more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up less satisfying things , even though they 're objectively it left better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that big variety of <unk> , mustard and vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations for comparing , contrast , and choose from that stunning show .
Today I want to show you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test them in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , that less is more .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing is that if you choose to cut , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , costs the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head , and they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate removed removed the products for junk waste that less sold , it increased 87 percent , by two causes -- higher sales and lower costs .
You know the supermarkets today , on average , offer 45,000 products .
In a shop of Walmart , we 're offered 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world is <unk> , and it 's only <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce on the tin .
In the financial savings world , I think that one of the best examples that have come up on how to handle options best is `` David <unk> , '' the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are actually forced to a insurance fund .
The people who really want to choose , they offer 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know that people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I 'm doing is asking employees , `` Tell me the differences in between those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't tell their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people this audience a few vacation to the most beautiful road on the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( Few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't you ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that trip ?
I think I could actually hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of options overload , which is <unk> .
For people to understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to a 401 plan .
That meeting , that 's exactly what I used to do is we made a small addition .
What we added was that we would think of the staff who would think about the positive things that were going to happen in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets 's along the northeast row of the northeast of the northeast , the journal exhibition may contain from 331 different guys to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell you how to tell you .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the right on the right is <unk> .
( Few applause ) Well , there 's some of them .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the right on the right is <unk> .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This is totally useless .
<unk> must indicate something to you choose , not that defines .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funding .
Who are he informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle much more information than we think about , if you just simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; you buy a car .
This is a German <unk> company that allows you to completely <unk> .
You have to take 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
Color , color outside of the car . I 'm 56 possibilities .
engine , motor changes ; four options .
What I 'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions appear .
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
What is you involved in .
If you get the default button in every decision , this tells you that they 're overwhelmed , it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that they go from many options in a few choices , <unk> the default button over and over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options in a lot , they go on there .
The same information , same number of options .
The only thing I did was <unk> the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to pick .
Now , if you choose the box of changes , you do n't tell anything about the preferences of the interior <unk> , in all ways , actually set up to choose .
So we 're excited about a product that we 're building , and now we have more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; <unk> , we can handle more categories with less choices ; we 'll make complexity .
All these techniques I 've presented to you were designed to help handle alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their own issues , or for people who serve .
It is that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful the choice .
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice art to choose .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Germany Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to <unk> the government .
You had to register a copy of <unk> text .
And this is why the government could track the origins of the texts .
If they were a writing with the wrong message , you could actually track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that someone could do this , so much as this will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturing printer and print a page , that page will end up having a few yellow printed dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them one and your printer themselves .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to do a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks on their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like , Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , Ukraine .
So cybercriminals are very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There 's really a lot of these online millionaires cases , billionaires , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred <unk> .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so on .
These guys do their own online , but they do it by illegal media through banking horses to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or you steal our passwords to get information from our cards when we buy a infected computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this bill had <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain 's worth out ; you know the stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being victim of a genuine crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be worse .
In the future , most crimes happen online .
The second <unk> group in which we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them , they motivate them , they motivate them , they motivate laughter .
<unk> , groups like Anonymous have <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers -- the criminals who make it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that they raid .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of copyright attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an <unk> of the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
You put the security of the site and put it into <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they could get people death from people to be due to the attack on <unk> .
And the answer to him was yes .
So how do people die because of an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates do ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept a foreign authority authority .
They were going to make a <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that happened .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , protesters in Egypt were exporting the headquarters of secret secret police in April 2011 , and during 2009 of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was some notes of a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to <unk> the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments do this as well .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But it 's going to go further .
The connection to the Internet .
It 's even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and to listen to the online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this obvious answer should be , `` Well , it looks bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
There 's privacy .
Now , privacy is not dispute .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom to control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
Do you invest blindly in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you should be worried about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi National Park .
These are my dad 's cows , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no fences at the largest part of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park .
And predators , like lions , the follow , and this is what they do .
We put up our livestock .
This is one of you who killed the night , and as soon as we got up in the morning and we found it dead , I felt pretty bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and why we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate a lot of lions .
Women are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions who killed Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years old , is responsible for livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that was going to happen to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid .
But I realized that actually this did n't help , because I was helping lions to see the pen here .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so they believed that he was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they went back , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So I jumped and they killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that would turn on and off the lights .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the small box , <unk> . I call it a transformational .
And the <unk> box makes the lights down .
As you can see , the <unk> come out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is what lions come when they come from night .
The lights <unk> and <unk> lions so they think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had a problem with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard of the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see in the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set them up in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving very much .
And my idea also is used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also is using it to replicate elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funding and <unk> .
It even took my friends to my community and set up lights in the houses that do n't have , and I show you how to put them .
So , one year ago , I was just a kid in the grasslands of the savanna <unk> my father 's cows , and he used to watch airplanes , and I 'd say that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on a plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer at aviation and pilot growing up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows from my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : One near electric ?
<unk> : I know they 've invented electric fences , but I want to do my own .
CA : I 'm going to do it once , right ? And you guys -- I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the barrel of the cannon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we spent all the time studying Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
I was wondering sometimes about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea , until all changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor , and I had never been hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When I put this up , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the past two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a long time , when I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in her arms , watching his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one was helping them , because they were very concerned to take care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine would protect North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and just few survived survived the grass , and insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequently energy slices , all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a satellite photograph in North Korea in the night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which is the boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans in secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I see bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of starvation , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
You could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live like a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be like refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Someone had been accused of being <unk> , so I 'm going to show my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it seemed natural , I could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
Eventually , an official said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in the foreign embassy in the foreign embassy .
But many may be arrested for Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't had so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and to fight that hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of their world can fit in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
Even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call pride with me .
Although I went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I started studying for the university exam to the University .
Just when I was starting to join my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities took some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to flee away .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , he took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , over 3,000 miles across China and then across Asia in Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went into a number of times .
Once our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked for everybody , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I stood up and told me that they were <unk> people who were accompanying it .
I looked at me , but I was luckily luckily .
We made it all the way to the Laos 's border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after going through the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and imprisoned again in Laos capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for free to release my family , and we were so close to , but my family was <unk> in prison in prison from the embassy of South Korea .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that point , or a voice 's voice , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would want to ask .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was to the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and to take them out of prison .
I read it with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping you <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown to <unk> a new hope for me and for the people to be born when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the village <unk> needs .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But making your freedom is just half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , hands-on language practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in touch with relatives still , and we 're sending information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans a chance to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 'll see more and North North Koreans , and North Koreans , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is the South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South Center to represent something else , so they changed it to South L.A. , as if this is what it 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Los Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> .
Like we 've got millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home to food places to bring and eat in the car .
The kicker is that places of food to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of curable disease in Los Angeles .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , `` Beverly Hills , '' which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize this happening .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if you get out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as a car used .
I see dialysis dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was plant a forest of food in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet by three .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it up .
I said , `` Well , I can do what I 'm going to come up in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
This is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and start planting our forest of food , <unk> trees , you know , the nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group ahead of ahead , and we made up with gardeners from all the backgrounds , all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city stood on me and in summary , gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my yard , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , right ?
A criminal order to plant food on a piece of land that nobody matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 firms , and we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of the United States , with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's 20 National Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on earth do n't you think about this ?
<unk> a plant over a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
Put your own food , it 's like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I cultivate my art .
Such as a graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I would keep on soils .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do .
You can simply not imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool , the transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act , and provocative you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
One occasion , I remember one of the time , and his daughter , they were like the prostitutes of the night and they were in my yard , I went out and looked at me and looked at them .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when you see people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes people going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh God no , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
It 's on the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to get your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter at the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , and they helped to download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the guys are growing <unk> , the boys eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , eat tomatoes . But if none of these are taught , if you do n't teach them how the food affects your mind and the body , they eat blind people to put them in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck with . I see color guys that are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
I have the gardening , I see an opportunity that we can train these kids to get away from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take some containers and convert them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
What 's curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people on the street , take the boys on the street , who know the joy , the pride and honor to grow their own food , opening farmers from farmers .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you want to pick it up ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to get me , I wo n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , in which it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt a splash .
And especially if you go into your bike and these cars , that 's not very nice .
In addition , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a <unk> road .
The solution for that is to make porous <unk> roads .
The porous pavement , a material that we use now at most roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can go through it , so all the rainwater flow off the side and they will have a road where it 's easy to drive , and you do n't get water , never more .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is it to get to ? See that on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then many more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can harm it , and you can not be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create bumps on that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can turn into a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous pavement like I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , the oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you <unk> , they will be <unk> and <unk> from <unk> .
So if you drive along the road , you 're going to get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material happen , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut up the steel wool in very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of iron wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use for cooking -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is heat up the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the rocks flow over to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm going to take you to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
So we tested many samples there , and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we got a donated piece of road , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane of a trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road lasts for several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
So we made a lot of the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , we know that with our induction machine , and we recognized them and we came back to test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say we 've done a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using the induction energy to , actually , increase the lives of the road surface , you can even double the surface of the surface , and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
They have to cool first first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to the BBC , in his little gray radius .
I had a big smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` The father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were left from Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was urging myself as a kid to escort my older sister that I could no longer be used to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that we could both be educated .
Every day , we would take a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping .
School was at a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we had our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school suddenly closed a week for a week , because the Taliban would go .
We always wondered what they knew of us .
Were you following ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and my daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan -- <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and why his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It was taken two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their kids had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk to not educate their children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments where I was very frustrated about our life and was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to quit , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So do you still want to do that ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was home from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving him over the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even more big dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity .
And I look at their parents and their families that , like mine , despite them , despite them , even in front of a very daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter were going on the way from <unk> into his village , and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice , a voice told you that if he kept sending his daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter from his old old ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the people we <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean our mothers have not been key at our success .
In fact , often they are the first compelling <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school , they tell in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last a long last long , after retirement U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who went on for them , the driver , I see a <unk> future and a lasting future .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day girls ' girls , they remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him . ''
But you never go back to a revolutionary style Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke out of the mass <unk> of <unk> , both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens within and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young <unk> men were at the cutting edge , pushing the each of the regime , bringing up billboards of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to meet the <unk> dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and altering .
For four decades , the <unk> regime destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I have loved a lot of other women , rebuild society society , pushing us into an inclusive and just transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years from exile , I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm , started organizing workshops about development and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the age of Women 's age of <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> of women , and by our right to participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment at the <unk> period , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is moved from the selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , shortly , the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news news .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the U.S. Ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the U.S. officials in the army .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militias government and its full violations of human rights for the prisoners and the lack of respect of the law .
Our society , made up of a revolutionary way , became more <unk> , and away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
<unk> , <unk> and vengeance became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all at all to inspire us to our story of the success of the <unk> list and the elections .
So I 'm here today to confess that we as nation , we choose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize right .
Because the election did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society tracking and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creation of consensus more than the election needed the election , that only creates polarization and division .
Our nation needs the Creative Commons representation of the most likely representation of the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage , and calling it back to days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female discourse , which not only <unk> , but also put mercy in mercy , instead of vengeance , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , shattered by war , desperately needs to end peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between women 's perspectives and the male men .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we did it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the <unk> `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , <unk> , compassionate . ''
And at the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic , which the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- and <unk> the feminine and motherly , that spans all the humanity that men and women , that all of the tribes and all the peoples have lived in .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , which is growing inside , the divine matrix of compassion is <unk> all of us .
That 's what it says to us , `` My mercy is all over . ''
That 's what you say , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That all of us will be given the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is everybody 's going forever : Why is she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just finished at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> , American Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man who I believed my own twin soul , getting my head into a gun , charged with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love in love , where each year , millions of women , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the `` Fortune 500 '' companies , between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been doing almost 20 years with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can pass it to anyone , all races , all the religions , all of our income levels , all levels of income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long , said otherwise , in families , the last place that we would want or expect to find violence -- for which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was staying with a man who sticks , and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times as likely to be domestic violence victims than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rainy night of January .
I was sitting next to my side on the New York subway subway , and he started to <unk> me .
He said two things .
The first was that he also had a <unk> of a university , and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was it was ready and fun , and it seemed like a field of the field .
I had some big <unk> as apples , and a wheat blond , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that he did , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did about everything at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved all of me : I was ready , I had gone to Harvard , which I 'd put passion in helping teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me , as a writer , as a woman , as a woman , no one had ever done .
And it was why the arts degree on that little school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I left from New York and leave my job for my dreams , but I thought I had to do some sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was entering head into a physical , strategic and psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And this is where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you 're supposed to be able to have to feel so safe , it bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another , he kept underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns to cause the trauma of the trauma one .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message to me and , although I never had my hand lifted up , my life was seriously serious , every minute of every day .
The first <unk> physical attack happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck were gone , I put my mother 's wedding suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me to do a lot .
And I was very , very straightforward .
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding , and by the fact that you can form a family with me .
It was an isolated accident , and I would never be hurt .
I spent twice as much on our honey moon .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach , and I lost myself , and he gave me so strong in the head that I had several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back of our honey moon , he was thrown out of traffic , and threw a Big Mac on the face .
He continued to spend one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I wondered when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One from three American women is a victim of domestic violence , or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why just do n't you go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and agonizing question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to leave a <unk> .
Because the last stage in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
Over 70 percent of the murders in cases of domestic violence , they occur after the victim had end to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has no longer has anything to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to married , financial resources of financial resources , and manipulation of family 's family system to send them to the victim and their children , which are usually forced by judges to spend time not to be <unk> with the man who will go to their mother .
And yet we 're still asking why it just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of the last one he beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if they were allowed .
So I broke the silence .
He told everybody , the police , my neighbors and family and family , to whole strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims like spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` guilt is yours for staying , '' as if the victims <unk> intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Fool love '' -- I 've heard hundreds of men 's stories and women who were also escaped , who learned a lesson lesson of what happened to them , and that they would promote their lives joyful and happy , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a standard of domestic violence .
I became married with a tender man and kind and we have these three children .
I have that black <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do is ever , ever , is a gun charged by my head in the hands of someone who says he wants me .
At this point , you 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what silly was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , who are listening to me right now , who are being abused or they were from small , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , his sister , their best friend at her .
I was able to end my crazy love of life breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> will thrive alone .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
<unk> their vision of survivors like fantastic , charming people , who have a full future .
And we would promote the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe exit .
Together we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful food oasis .
Thank you .
Hello . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
In order to be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't be dressed like this , luckily , I brought my clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to tell , but I 'm going to find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; I 'm less sorry that I do n't have to use them anymore .
The worst part is to pass this sweater through the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I 'm covering my head .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's also <unk> .
I 've changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I would hold my back and put my kid 's hair .
Of course , with surgery or an artificial <unk> , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our looks , which , although surface and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , it 's being courageous to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but I really honest .
The first question is , how does it be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the helpful of a heritage , and you might be wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last centuries we have not only defined the beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically biologically programmed to admire , also have been associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've learned to take money to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now a little bit skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> lovers that say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , I would argue so much about models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU , I told all of the models in the <unk> , and the <unk> models of hired , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were n't white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not taking care of that .
But then , what I would tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be what you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> , <unk> surgeon , which would be awesome , because you were the first .
If after this spectacular list , still insist , no , no , no , no , Cameron , I want to be model , so I tell you , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the newsroom in the American <unk> magazine or the British CEO of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that the biggest to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , and you have a rsum , no matter what you say , you know , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model your underwear for 10 years , people would be bored you .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos get to me .
And yes , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a girl .
This is a little shot next to my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a neuroscientist party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a professional group , hairdressers , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , and they get to do this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you get free things ?
I have too much heels of 20 inches and I never use , except the previous couple of my privilege , but the privilege I get there are the ones I get in real life , and the ones we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and I was given the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he jumped on a red light , and , of course , you stood up , and I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry , an agent in order to keep driving .
I love these privilege of privilege , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for how they look like no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of <unk> teenage people to <unk> and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only black and Latino young black people in New York , so for them , is n't it a question of <unk> ?
But how many times do I get back ? And when ?
In this talk , I found out that about 53 percent of the age of 13 girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent of 17 .
So , the last question that people ask me is : How is life of a model ?
And I think the answer you 're waiting for is : If you 're a little thinner , you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and wonderful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible to be able to work with creative people , resourceful , passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my life every day .
And if you ever ask , `` With some lighter legs and the brightest hair , be happier ?
They just have to come together with a team of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair , the more thin women , but they 're probably physically <unk> women on the planet .
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain in this talk , I hope that everyone is more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was much enough to hold a camera , but I want to share with you today , and I want to share with you , and I want to share with you , and I 'd like to share with you , my 15 most precious photos , and I did n't go put them out .
There were no artistic directors , or <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum of lighting .
In fact , most people took random tourists .
My story begins when I was , meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife lifted me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
It was a chance that we went back to New York a year later , so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> trip and you continue the ritual ?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us a picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a full stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and , fortunately , no one has ever crossed the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a week in October and to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always get the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That concrete time that we spent together is something we hope for all the year .
Recently , on one of the travel , we were walking around , when suddenly it was stopped in the dry , and he pointed out a red <unk> of the store of the dolls that I loved from little back in earlier visits .
And I described what made sense of the five years of standing in that same place .
<unk> that reminded me , he remembered their heart <unk> with the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look in in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things that we create are the memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively participating in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out of a lot of family photos .
I 'm always the one who takes the picture .
Now , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and I 'm not going to take you close to someone and ask him , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are in the most threatened group .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter <unk> , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know , laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that I associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And my favorite , the <unk> have better presence . There are two types of <unk> on this planet .
There are the <unk> of the New World , which is mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the former World <unk> , where we have 16 species , from these 16 , 11 people face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are <unk> important ? First of all , provide vital ecological services . <unk> .
It 's our prices of natural garbage .
They put dead bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that would not be because they would stretch and cause great losses from livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there 's no <unk> , dead bodies take three to four times more long , and this has a huge ramifications of the disease spread .
<unk> also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of protective and maternity , and along with the king cobra , he <unk> the unit between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> of 10 head heads .
In the <unk> culture , they do a very important drop in the open sky . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or timber for <unk> , so these <unk> provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with <unk> ?
We have eight species of <unk> in Kenya , which six are very threatened to extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , the <unk> are victims of this .
In southern Asia , countries like India and Pakistan , four species of <unk> are on the critically endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey on the livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> as <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India , and they have taken a position .
Because there 's no <unk> , there 's been a spread into the number of dogs on street colonies , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge amount of time bomb for rage , the number of cases of rage has increased greatly in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds , they cut them down in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trade of <unk> dead to serve the <unk> and the market of <unk> .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see they travel across different countries , so focus on a locally <unk> problem .
We have to work with governments on the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the <unk> , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you 've got their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , you 're going to tell you about the <unk> , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on <unk> .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed it , because he saw them fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do , and everything that I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , young people , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of African countries with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at 21 , the Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing with .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where a Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes and Italian tomatoes , and ...
Of course , people were not at all at all interested in doing that , so they would give them to come to work , and sometimes , they were n't going to be , and we were just amazed that local , in so fertile valley , they had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't hate anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just for time to save people from Zambia in starvation . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look at what easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red ones at night in the morning , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't you say it ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought that just the Italians would make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans did , what they did the British , what the French did , and then see what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least we feed them .
It would be able to look at the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we were going to give them to people in Africa .
She wants to read a book , I read `` Dead '' <unk> , an economist <unk> an economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western countries , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I wo n't tell you about harm that money has caused us .
Just read their book .
It 's <unk> from a African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners , we are tempted by , missionaries <unk> , and we treat people just in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children . `` I want a lot of it . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture like these servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The smallest is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor , and he said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to only answer people , and invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 're never starting anything , you will never start anything , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what does you do ? You 're going to be disappointed .
Never come to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people of locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We got together in a cafe . We sat at a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person is like to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we helped find the knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , by once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do , why not , for one time , we hear them ? But not community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
You know , the smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't go to your public meetings .
What do we do ? We work on one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which is n't there .
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family 's family , which is established with you at home , at the coffee table , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of West Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage that we got to tell them what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects underway , and the government came to me to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
And I fell along and listened to them . '' So -- so -- the government says , `` Do it again , '' we 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the largest business advisors in history , passed away to '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a philosophy teacher before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says , `` Design is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the entrepreneurial spirit .
So now <unk> <unk> <unk> without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to be <unk> , your privacy , you have to be fantastic when you help you , and then you 're going to show you , will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's the presentation of you have been doing this morning ?
And that 's what you 've got to do .
So , what I 'm telling you is that entrepreneurship is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to consider is how we <unk> , heal , we educate , we 're interacting with seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that has a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the developing year .
And in this year , 1860 , this group of people , and <unk> this group of people , and I 'm going to pass it to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and talked about , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> . So they were already <unk> . So , in 1860 , they were <unk> this dirty technology that 's going to make the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> new new manufacturers companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed , and there was very few <unk> factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to be <unk> .
Otherwise , they will not come to talk with you .
Then you have to give them an absolute , dedicated service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with this , to start .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial management .
Do you know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world from the Carnegie , commonplace , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's just one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of them was started by one person .
Never the word `` I '' -- but the word `` us '' is 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins one company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have a small business environment sitting in <unk> in <unk> , in bars along with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone has done for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who asked you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Okay , can you sell ? Can you get money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , and templates , and it 's chalk .
These projects came from questions like : how much pay for my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment ?
How do I share more memories of our buildings abandoned and better understand our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for cows stores so that our communities can reflect our own needs today and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> of lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries , and I trust a city .
There 's always a show of music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the greatest <unk> of America .
I live near this house and I thought how could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
I was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And that made me a profound gratitude for the time of life , and it made me deep gratitude for time .
It clearly gave the significant things about my life today .
But let 's take this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to allow me to catch up a day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this little abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and I painted on her phrases to finish , `` Before I die , I want ... ''
So everywhere they could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the next day , the wall was actually filled with me and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy . '' `` Before I died , I want to sit on <unk> on the line of date . ''
`` Before we die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before we die , I want to live outside the network . ''
Before we die , I want to spend one more time . ''
`` Before we die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before we die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space got constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh at laughing laughing , and I was giving me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new , new ways , it 's about giving reflection to reflection and contemplation , and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and we change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in his community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've been made walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
We together demonstrated the power of our public spaces , if we give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distraction , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that will make us more power .
You think about death <unk> our life .
Our space spaces can reflect better what we care as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very handsome .
He does n't speak , but it gives you joy that some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
You share this happen .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't matter the religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When singing our songs of our childhood , trying to tell words that I could n't even remember , to remember one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when every one of my iPod was out of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , he would pee in my arm for the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady of Lady Gaga .
Do n't you think it 's amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit to the concept of normality , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what he shocked my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though they did n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication , learning and sometimes to physical skills .
In each individual , it feels different in a different way , from there to be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , are diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developing disorders that faster in the world is going up in the world , there is no cause or no known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
Let 's get a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived in and it did n't live in their own world , with his own rules , and I would find pleasure on the smaller things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eating anything that had half .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were more apparent .
But beyond overreacting , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure and innocent nature , a child who watched the world without biases , a human being that had never lied .
<unk> .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough times in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that it 's things that I would n't want to change normally by normal .
And normally , normally , the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of them is wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could reach a single thing to <unk> and Sam and to you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic , autistic differences , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift inside , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change in the moment where we 're trying to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what was supposed to be Alice in the East of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a communications class to graduate students .
I was scared . They were really scared . It 's going to be aware of these students with their great minds , their big books and their big and unknown words .
But to develop those conversations , I felt what Alicia should have felt when he fell down the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised by ideas that had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our larger challenges , from energy to medium environment and healthcare , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> them .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see their science is sexy and its engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
Let 's figure out why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study <unk> , but they study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , carefully careful .
<unk> is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , can you say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing as to make them dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , Einstein , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're different ways of reaching out and <unk> with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the `` bullet '' signs .
You 've been wondering why they call `` bullets '' -- what do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and they will kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the single design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , autonomous phrase , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then , then we will provide graphs that are attached to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help the rest open to the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all over the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary 's `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political trader . ''
Now , there was a journalism editor of the 19th century who defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for public charge no matter or platform or principle , and when he wins , he gets it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that Parliament , British Parliament allowed the newspapers to cite the exact words on the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the stranger named <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was thrown into the London Tower and incarcerated it , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and eventually he had such popular support in London who won .
And just a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to come back to America , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
And they presented all kinds of suggestions that might have been <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief of State in Washington , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and another `` <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the <unk> of the United States .
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was that they were being tested .
And not even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term .
And it could have served .
Everybody got immensely tired , because this debate would be made for three weeks .
I read a <unk> newspaper , and he always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House was in the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call it King , if I 'd put him or his successor to ideas .
So they wanted to give the most modest , most insignificant and more pathetic , who came up with them .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was it before , but it only meant `` somebody who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really insignificant .
And that 's why the Senate is wired .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet foreigners . ''
`` And who will take a serious title of a ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't break .
We can learn three interesting things about all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been known as the title of the President .
President Barack Obama was lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that one measure is temporary -- -- it 's possible that we 're going to keep waiting for more .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the President of the United States of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of air vehicles , not manned and so on .
The reality and the story has laced the title of <unk> .
So I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was one uniqueness .
But how many nations do you have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear heads and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate won and the U.K. House , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're now President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , the reality changes much more words than what they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine of Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of <unk> male men and stones were born with primitive tools .
Like others , I 'm wearing a <unk> light lamp attached to the head with this <unk> rubber , and I can hardly see the <unk> branches that hold the walls of that hole in a meter which drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And my hand was <unk> , and suddenly I remember a miner who I met before , who lost the control , and <unk> feet into that manhole .
While I 'm talking to you today , these men are on the deep part of that hole at risking their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I walked out of that hole and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey from slavery .
Over the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> on the Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met a <unk> , <unk> , an NGO who has to do to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and , really , started to learn about slavery because I knew that there was the world , but not as a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I was really sorry , I was ashamed of this <unk> of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't you ?
He became a knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> , and I would offer my help .
It started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly enough , I had been in many of these sites .
Some , even as I considered my second home .
But this time , we put dirty dirty dirty dirty ones .
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million <unk> people in the world .
It 's twice the number of Africans displaced in all the slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today you can benefit entire families for generations by $ 18 by 18 dollars .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profit from over 13,000 dollars a year around the world .
Many of them have been <unk> with false promises of good education and better work for then to discover that they are forced to work without pay , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : goods produced per slaves , but those who produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange , <unk> show was like entering into the old Egypt or to Dante project .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up on a heavy <unk> naturalist <unk> bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness is working in silence , doing this task over and over now for 16 17 hours a day .
It had no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> made it quite a result .
And so <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera got too hot , and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for me , and , sitting there , I thought , my camera is getting a lot better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side quickly , grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation that they already were .
I had to trust the <unk> , and work within the system by their release and trusted that he will .
As soon as me , I waited to get home to feel my heart ravaged .
In the Himalayas , I found kids hauling stones for miles on mountain land until the trucks down .
Those big ingredients were heavier than the kids who charge them and the kids hold them into their heads with homemade straps made from sticks , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they 're working 16 hours a day without compromising it , because this has been so much his life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned their own houses .
When you hear the word <unk> , we often think of sexual traffic , and because of this global consciousness , I was told that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was reminded of women who had been previously sexual sex .
They drive me by a little bit of stairs that gave this dirty basement , very dim light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local to forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the slaves are <unk> with their little girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and to sell them to buy more food and alcohol .
Every post is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their customers .
Rather at dusk , I remember making sense of an acute fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
He only had one way : the stairs .
There were no backdoors .
There were no big windows like climbing up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual traffic , happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 , 300,000 American children are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles is another activity that often relate to the labor hand .
I visited Indian villages in which there were whole families on the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> black hands are the father of blue and red and red .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to <unk> , but it 's toxic .
My performer told me about her stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still wait , though , be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's been estimated that there are more than 4,000 children on Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to check a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Kids are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced up to work <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering , and that 's the subject that his little canoe were <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling in the water .
The branches of the <unk> trees in Lake Volta often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are choke .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of his love is not going to flee , and , like all life has been treated , <unk> is about the youngest slaves under her command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they had been working from one one .
In the cold and windy night .
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi Annan .
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village .
I met him in a shelter where he was <unk> the <unk> .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who 's going to be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> for a road in Ghana with <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , her bike suddenly sped up and <unk> our car and played the window .
They asked us to break it down a pathway to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the road , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down , we removed the <unk> , we removed the <unk> , and after walking around an hour , we found that the path was held by the rains of the rains , so I put the photos of photos on my head as I put up in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> would end up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that fit into a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and while they were looking for gold , they walked on their poison waters with mercury .
<unk> is used in the extraction process .
These miners are enslaved in a manhole in the other part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were at their own sweat .
I remember watching his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The pits have to be 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be shipped to another area where they put the stone stone to be able to extract the gold .
So , in the first view , the site seems to be full strong and <unk> men , but if you look closer , on the margin , we see another less lucky men and kids .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up as this victim of tuberculosis and mercury poisoning a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle took him to work with him in mines .
When he died his uncle , I was able to inherit the debt of the uncle who force force to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines of 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that doctors said it should be washed .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , the face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw a light on the slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll give testimony to them , and we will do everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They are people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these beautiful , beautiful people , who have had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images will wake up , in people like you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turns to a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We got the virtuous <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand is an extraordinary degree of training , a high level of skill , and probably some initial competence that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroyed this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> , in his age , was a virtuous dancer of ballet .
In the last few years , it 's been made a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are billions of people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , severe , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately , the only way we will know if there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement , there 's no biological markers . That 's why the blood analysis is , and the best we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , and what if patients could do themselves ?
It would n't need any staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do to you , like , not a conventional way to try , you see , in some sense at least , all of us are virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds , we can imagine , as a dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom , you see a irregular <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
I shake vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole number of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but also , in addition to the voice scores are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're very low cost .
When something takes up very low cost : massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> of routine .
<unk> monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do massive recruiting recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , we 're scaling doable doable at scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first <unk> of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with Parkinson 's , can call it at a price , and I 'm pleased to announce , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal within eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , can you say who is healthy and who 's not ?
What will you get from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You may not get it .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data , in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> of the confusion of the confusion of the real markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now he has shown that it works on the mobile phone network , but what we 're going to do is we 've got a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , audiences .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March of 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We were huddled into the darkness , in rooms with no windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We do our thin thin models still more thin , the perfect skin , still more perfect , we can and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
A while later , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the feedback team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen of fishermen located in <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The sea level recorded over 24 feet , and more than three miles underground .
As you can imagine , the people was crushed .
We take the rubble of channels and ditches .
We took schools . We took the mud , and we left lists to be renovated and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , bang , rotten off the local factory .
We were <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found photos and <unk> from photos and cameras and card cards .
They all did the same .
We 'd come up and bring them to different places of people around them to <unk> .
It was n't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that that people had suffered .
While fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help a medevac center of the village .
It helped clean the restrooms , the huge bathrooms , giant <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the flush center would pick up the photos .
And there they were in there , and I had the honor that day would be able to clean up the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I had heard more of the expression beyond horizons , but it was n't until I went beyond my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the pictures , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I got on Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started normalizing the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had opened the face of the girl , he had to get to make a lot of precision , and then it 's later .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like her , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over the time of time , they arrived fortunately more photos , and it took more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people from 12 countries offered to help .
Within two weeks , he had 150 people who join .
In Japan , we mobilized us to <unk> , a neighbor , north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the libraries of time photographic photography that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it 's going to take you in <unk> is a different story , it depended on of course the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . I could take a few weeks .
It could be a few months .
This <unk> had to draw just as a guide the areas whose color and the detail of the water had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even oil , all over the time of the time I continue <unk> , because of that <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and it would have been distracted by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have the guide from an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the pictures even more damaged .
As once he said <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky enough to take the photos .
He 'd started to tear it up , but she stopped realizing that they would get it even more .
He also had <unk> .
Without them , the images from her own husband and their own face would never have been able to rebuild , we were able to <unk> the images in a single photo and tweak the whole picture .
When he collected his pictures shared something about his story with us .
A couple of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble quite far from where she used to be his house , but his colleagues would be born .
The day the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while the <unk> sounded .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took a week took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave his photos his youngest son for 14 years .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been tagged on the past day , when everything in his life changed , or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had come together to be joined to us , and they helped us to clean up to <unk> pictures of the vast majority -- the vast majority of people went to their own own hands .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us give back 90 families hundreds of all the world and hundreds of pictures of all <unk> and <unk> .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most ink in printers .
We take pictures all the time .
A picture is a memory of somebody or something , a relationship , someone loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we would want to look for .
So this was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this is back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , to give back something , using their talent to something that are not necessarily thin skin models .
To finish my email , I 'd like to read this email . I sent him the Cindy day after six months .
Now , while <unk> , I could n't help but think about people and stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages , from the grandmother to the little girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by a baby , because a similar picture of my family , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hang on our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in an exhibition of one millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a new technique that can create a slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see behind the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see inside the body without using X-rays , and they challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it back and shut it up in a <unk> <unk> , whatever , in various <unk> , create a <unk> photons package .
And that package of photons , that bullet pack , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this pack of photons and fire in this bottle , how are those photons disperse into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of the slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- Remember , that all happens in less than a <unk> is what takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola did n't show this research . They were so bad at a lot of things in this film ; I 'm going to break this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a pack of photons , which starts to go through , and in it , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light vanishing , he goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel around the table , and because of the reflections of the top , you see on the back of the bottle , after several squares , the reflections are concentrated .
Now , if we take a regular and current bullet , and we make them go the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to look at that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , it 's a year .
It would be a very boring film of a <unk> slow .
And what about having dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over your tomato , it 's bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because tomato is ripe and light bounces inside it , and it goes back after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is on its cell phones , they 'll be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a photo at low exposure , it comes very little light .
But we 're going to go , but we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I can just get some light .
We sent that bullet , that collection of photons , millions of times , and again , and again with a very <unk> timing , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data , and it 's sort of interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow him to see after the <unk> ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . You know , you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And where we could extract those multiple light bounces .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our paper in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this fast , our <unk> , it has unique capabilities .
It has very good resolution , and you can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot is going to be a distance .
So when you project a laser , you can record a small photo in gross , which , you see on the screen , it does n't really make sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like that , dozens of images , we 're going to try and analyze the multiple light bounces , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions of what 's going on to the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality of visualizing the problems of the next generation of the next generation .
So like Doc <unk> , he himself did a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photographs <unk> .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect are not just for scientific views , but we can be able to see that .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a <unk> of a second .
But here 's a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves underneath the cap , these are going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What 's going on here ?
It turns out , as we are recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects , and Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes comes to the camera .
Let 's deal with the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can provide a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can be tweeting out a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , transition to <unk> and get famous .
All of this is possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and living in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see hundreds of thousands of people were starting to look for a change .
This is fall in the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people put together that they were looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who 's a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phone , check it up !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me today , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information lines .
gross data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . hunt .
The <unk> of Data .
This directive says that every European phone company , every single Internet provider of all of Europe , has to store a broad range of information information .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who is texting to who .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
All this information is stored for at least six months , and up to two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers are stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came up to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some even said that this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police from East Germany .
And I also asked myself if this works really .
Can you store all this information on us ?
Whenever I use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who was at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , who please give me all the information you had about me .
I was asked once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
So I decided to do a criminal demand , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
Ultimately , they signed up .
<unk> demand , and they would send me the information I would ask .
Meanwhile , the Russian <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> thirty lines .
And I looked at them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I walk the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go back and go back .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to show you on the <unk> train , and what often I call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That gives you a little bit of fear .
But it 's not only about me .
But of all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
And then they call me a few friends , and they 're called each other .
And then you call each other , and the other one , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other , what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who is sending an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at first , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in their pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened .
And then , as a result , either the <unk> of the sun .
Because today , state agencies , and business agencies want to store as much information from us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century , and it 's not quite outmoded .
When you go home , tell them to their representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what 's going on ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what 's going on ?
I call me <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to spend all the time .
Watch .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
Muhammad Al .
Now , C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> , and it ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the womb of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were all , although they are .
It 's just due to accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration . And I do n't want any of them here .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , they 're in the shopping center , they 're looking for parking lot and what you see ?
16 <unk> empty places .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to tell you , I 'm 99 problems , and the P. C. It 's just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , a woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you should do it .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same early initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; I 'll dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents went to the school system , and then I 'm going to get away from me as well , and if we did n't pull all the top note , I 'd put it on my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me how to walk the five years by putting my feet on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was just hang on a dollar in front of me so that I 'm going to break it .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was going to walk like a boxing champion that has received a boxing champion .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all the family . I think no one realized that we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as the campaign campaign .
The people I grew up with no problem with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed to be a lot of fun to die of hunger during the <unk> .
I was telling them that it was enough fat to live three months without eating , so that 's fast at dusk at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer holidays on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if we do n't go back to Palestine , all summers , we 'll lie at Madonna 's .
On the summer holiday , I often tried to do it , so I was drinking milk from deer , put me hot cups on my back , put me up in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burning my eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , I was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up on foot .
And now I can put it on your head .
My parents would support this idea that he could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be on the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship to the <unk> , the University of Arizona state , because I walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the least smart tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in her classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo , my wept professors .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming the four winds , `` I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
Finally , free .
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm finally free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> running the director of the theater department , crying , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask why and she said to me because they thought I could n't do the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , it ca n't be the character . ''
It was a paper that literally had been born , and they gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was mimicking my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors with no disability for disabled parts .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first <unk> tour was as an extra opera .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` roommate '' to `` Better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there like a vase , it does n't see me more than the neck , and it was obvious to me that <unk> <unk> <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
Just go to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Goldberg <unk> , Roseanne <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I made myself <unk> .
And on my first tour , he took famous comics from New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comic face he took when he fell at the high speed of the New Jersey highway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , no censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know that you 've never heard that little <unk> , which says that women are not fun , and they find us quite fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York Festival of New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in media , and at the time you remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabic was much easier to fight to the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program , it has the wire behind with Keith <unk> .
I walked into a college dance , I went to a studio and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were living in live !
So , I teamed up with the speaker desk for the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
I had my opportunity , and I knew it . I knew you do n't get to me .
But not just Mr. <unk> went back to me , but I was like he went into a full-time participant and bashed my chair .
So a funny thing that I 've learned in direct with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a child or a child .
All of a sudden , my disability on the Internet became some fun object .
You 'd see clips online with feedback like , `` Why are you shaking ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What a disease has ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A commentator suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum : writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make them <unk> , then you ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the ... Yes , clapping , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the entertainment world .
The doctors said not walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I became <unk> by the red carpet with the diva of the soap Susan Susan Music Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world , `` The Arabs have gone mad . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> kids , '' a charity organization to give the Syrian refugee kids a minuscule proportion of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live , and I do this talk to his memory .
He 's on peace .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can too .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a little boy .
I do n't know your name , but I know their story .
She lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This village is close to <unk> .
<unk> drives local people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without nothing to him , he goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the Somalia capital .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no work , no future future .
He ends up living in a tent in the outskirts of <unk> .
After maybe a year , it 's gone , nothing .
One day you read about a guy who 's offered to take him to lunch , then for dinner , to eat her breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives a break .
It 's getting a little bit of money to buy new money , money to send home , your family .
You show a young man .
Finally , home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life target .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That little boy in that little village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how does the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , the young urban urban urban University riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who seek something beyond the `` waiting period . ''
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , jobs , welfare , but young people do n't participate in their cities in their cities .
It 's often the youth that are at the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three out of five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to the violence , to be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't really do anything .
I went back last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital , I remember thinking , `` What if I would never go ? ''
And if I would have been forced to be in that same <unk> period ?
Would it be a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to hold some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit .
They were going to take a few 90 Young leaders .
We sat down , and we had brainstorming of the solutions to the great challenges that the city faces .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , she graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white man for al Shabaab and other terrorists organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach A 's point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity , and I turned it up .
It started a motorcycle company .
It started <unk> motorcycles , the local residents who normally could n't afford it .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point going on to hundreds of bikes over the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What does it do to this story differently ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` <unk> period . ''
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the height of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and even recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we had plastic out of plastic from the foreign foreign .
If you gave someone , `` When was the last time you saw cool flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started to grow roadside and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the wedding flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in the creation public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
She wants to create a space where families , the young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , work for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the major challenges facing the city .
<unk> business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring the young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step , but the young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need expertise and expertise to guide them into development and set them in their business .
<unk> to young people with the resources they need , <unk> the support they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , business spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed 's not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
The Peace Park , this is how it 's called , when it 's created , will transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired the street kids to help rent and keep the bikes to him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : they turn young people into entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace that <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area in upstate New York .
It was a beautiful day .
<unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it wo n't be the way we were , almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful camera lake when I discovered something horrible .
There was a dump , behind the shed , there was a dump , about four square meters -- rotten balls of aluminum , and lifestyle .
And I was also choked up , and I was very angry and incredibly confused .
So the ones that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it 's a little bit slightly depressed .
Who cleans our garbage ?
Never matter how to organize or where put the `` ours , '' who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> <unk> our trash , to reason 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel to use the uniform and take that payload ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and I walked along the road and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
He needed to go further .
So I started working as trash trash .
Now I did n't just ride in the trucks . I did n't know them .
And it operated the <unk> mechanical routes .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not just as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to it very quickly .
It costs a lot used to get used by weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were kept going into the weight of taking over their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of waste Statistics , waste collection is one of the ten <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and in traffic all day , and they buzzing around you .
They just want to <unk> , so usually the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is full of dangers that are often full of the truck and they have terrible harm .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I really think that waste prices are the most important workforce on the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective issues of public health .
If you do n't get rid of your efficient and effective form of waste every day , this starts to rise of their containers and its dangers inherent they threaten us in very real ways .
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back to sprout , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the motors in the economy begin to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
Now , I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just highlight your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed you need .
I 'm talking about it just at the speed that we get used to move into the contemporary age .
We usually do n't worry about it , and we do n't know , we cleaned up , we cleaned up with us our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we miss them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take it to it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in a lot of cities .
You know when to go .
And their work allows us to do our work .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that maintain us except for ourselves , of our own waste , our own waste , and that flow always must be held in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his radio recycled journey as I did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's go right .
Let 's be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking into waste collection and I went back to the man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be okay .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as we should have to include , and have in account all costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one to see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our life , being part of the environment , where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects today , as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives becomes an essential part of the final piece of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example , my team and me , on what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After looking at some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important ways to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores , where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to use a lot of energy because the <unk> coating generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not be happening because it 's a temperate weather that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And thirdly , your aspect has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia .
It 's a very rich shame in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually hooked with the old market that is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate outer activity .
So I thought that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , a number of floors , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to survey the site , which is located in a lot of a lot of growth in the city , where a lot of the buildings that we see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that do n't communicate at an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries from the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium space , which creates an open air space in the building that gets <unk> , by its own form of sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
And I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a <unk> shell , to allow the air input to allow the air input , but in a way that 's filtered .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the dresses of Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of origin that are the windows that leave the air and light in a form controlled inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
These ideas did not be easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we did . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the day , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to glass , but also because it was no longer necessary air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a big advantage to putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water to the health of the inside .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go on the fifth floor of the building .
The second example is a $ 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the biggest I 've designed , not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I had special attention to the <unk> , a thousand years old that was surrounded by a wall with twelve <unk> access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was extend the street streets , creating 12 blocks that are similar to the size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of <unk> , and this has changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell on the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a <unk> , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So , you 've got a schematic that claims most of the apartments are perfectly moving in that direction .
And this is the result that it 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the floor , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that have increased density on higher levels and lower density on the ground floor .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community full of the space occupied by building .
It 's where all of the neighbors , they can rise and socialize , and do activities such as a two-hour career race , or jumping from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes to communities and local economies at the same pace that buildings grow .
For this reason , I see more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have a goal to connect the nature to people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as all the new girls look at .
I had huge amounts of hair hair , and a little bit of crayons , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good at <unk> .
I ended that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister plan .
I was a while after the school at school , I was a bit late , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took my master 's table in my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> the ratings in my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I signed up to give back the book a crate , but to see , some of my other partners had very good grades , too .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll make the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all rows of <unk> and myself , and myself , just for being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea emerged .
I do n't understand why I felt good at doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It was all quite obvious .
I never discovered .
But above all , I 'm reminded of the reason why I was bothered with this little little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I 'm reminded of jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so forth .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Birds tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy is cause number one cause of spouses in the U.S .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will analyze loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So you have to go to the fiction , because novels are like the lab in which they study jealousy in all possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it is an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would be no heavens , and there would be no `` Odyssey . ''
I would n't have king king , or `` a thousand and a nights . ''
He would n't have Shakespeare .
Let 's go through high school at high school , because we 'd lose `` Noise and <unk> , '' there would be no Gatsby and <unk> , and we will lose `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna <unk> . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost everyone has .
This year is actually 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , but also the ordinary competitiveness of sexual jealousy , of me , all that we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details , the <unk> details , right ?
We think in a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We thought about a <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were so hard as <unk> of the cat .
I do n't know what the cat is like , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so good together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust says .
It will be very obvious , as the jealousy , who are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a good <unk> base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being like storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details will include , to put the knife , right ?
jealousy made us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And you start to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm , which <unk> detects in your lover , he adds to his <unk> instruments in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , boyfriends would have to leave the country , if you wanted to break up .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a tough job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . We have to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
<unk> get rid of the information .
jealousy use the details .
jealousy likes the big amounts of hair , and the nice little <unk> of pencils .
jealousy gets rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust is that the <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in his jealousy agony , suddenly listen behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that you think this is revolting , but it 's not different from the performance of an old textbook or looking a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual research . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looks <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but at their point , they 're search for knowledge , search of truth , a painful truth . In fact , what to Proust is , the more agonizing truth , better .
The pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways towards the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us experience , causes us to suffer from a much deeper sense of feelings that a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy are revealed to ourselves .
And is there any other excitement that makes us open up in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement reveals our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at that peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later on .
One day , Freud had been visited by a very nervous young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud said there was something bizarre about that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Did you get too accidentally being killed with a man ?
Freud says the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
And novels are very good at this .
And novels described very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the longer jealous are , the more we become the more <unk> of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy lead us to do violent , illegal acts .
The jealousy lead us to behave in the way that 's totally <unk> .
Now I 'm thinking about eight years old , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I 'm hearing on the news .
A woman of Michigan from 52 years of age , was captured by having created a fake on Facebook since they were sent <unk> , awful guys , for a year .
For a year . It 's a year .
She was trying to join the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when or this , reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How big , though unfortunate , creativity , creativity . Right ?
It 's kind of like novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature .
It 's the <unk> in a <unk> , and `` Mr. <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the kingdom of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch , can be punch in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> is going from <unk> or want what you 've got to invade your self and you know what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor , it 's <unk> , it takes your rings , you cow your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all around the world , as much as I sometimes wanted .
It 's a pity , because we live in time of envy .
We live in terms of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where is the currency envy ? Right ?
<unk> shows us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters do when they 're not safe , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about unrecognizable , they think about the side curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always worked [ when <unk> ] <unk> , the <unk> face of <unk> Scotland , who needs desperately desperately , needs guidance ' genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but you 'll put it up , and you 'll put it with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once you walk into , <unk> all with his solution , <unk> goes back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who did n't want to shake your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see relocated in history . I think that 's very emotional , and that scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute lapse 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> are allowed to admire that idea of being him .
Could it still be that simple ?
What if jealousy is really a geometry , just a matter of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be aware of the other excellence of the other .
We can plug it into it .
But I like contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , we remember that we have the fiction to get us .
It 's just the fictional fiction .
The fiction used to pay them , he invites them to the table .
And look what puts it : sweet <unk> , the scary <unk> <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin went out of the contents module of Apollo 11 and declined over the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the American history of America .
To get to the moon , NASA took about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People were killed , including the Apollo 1 crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program was <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , of which he assumed after Armstrong 's death last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of exposure and fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy words at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why will it climb the highest mountain ?
Thirty-five years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're easy , but because they 're difficult .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was n't just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the technology of technology .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , we <unk> polio and removed the smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called the <unk> force .
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with sailing , but in 1969 , the Apollo <unk> 10 <unk> flew over 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being turned to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 of the Apollo 10 , and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problem that we imagined that technology would solve how to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember watching Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to not look at the <unk> tube <unk> of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew that this would be the latest mission , but I was completely confident that I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that from `` something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like technologists to be distracted , and they had enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale .
There 's nothing bad at most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a <unk> explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies that those of the years that Intel was <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprit , specifically the incentives that the risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused us to change the creation of ideas by the funding of the funding or even false problems .
But I do n't think this is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the capitalists venture capitalists were at their high point , without caring for the risk , small investment , lower investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They have always had problems to invest in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term , and they have never invested in the development of technologies dedicated to solving large problems because they do n't have an immediate mall .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would take a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternative energy sources that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on which policy and international treaties with the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and development development , and some kind of control of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an international energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological , it turns out not to be .
We know from the time that starvation is a result of failure on the allocation of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that starvation is political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and systems for storage and food , but there will be hunger while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems , sometimes we have a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war in 1971 , but we soon found that there are many kinds of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have been found effective , effective treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we need to , but these four elements have to be present : The political leaders and the population must want to want to solve the problem , institutions have to support the solution ; it must really be a technological problem , and we must understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician as John Kennedy who was going hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was only three days .
And it was n't really dealing with any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we do n't have the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with you the widespread ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , is a very general belief .
The second is a goal : we should be more confident .
And the third one is a task : we should get the confidence back .
I think the claim , I think , the goal and the task has been interpreted .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has declined ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I tend to think that it may have fallen in some activities or institutions , and that might have grown up in others .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to opinion surveys , and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined .
When you look at opinion surveys over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who have been offered 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue to inspire the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway along .
But is this evidence ?
What the opinion shows is , of course , opinions .
What else can you register ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people suffer when they 're asked questions .
Do you trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asks you , `` Do you call them in the <unk> ?
Did you run into the fishermen ?
<unk> in primary teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane answer .
And you could say , when you had answered your question , `` Well I trust you in some of them , but you do n't . ''
Which is very rational .
In the end , in real life , we tend to place the confidence in <unk> .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain elementary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not maybe , to save a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is <unk> , why do we let all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way ?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they 're trying to prescribe the good judgment by the fact that you trust something or someone .
Second , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's an stupid target .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would have to have more confidence in what it is to trust , but not what it is not .
Anyway , I 'm keen to not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly named rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Christianity was sitting or denied to intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , yes , it means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about to do a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that to be able to do a trial , we are forced to focus on three things .
They are competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in <unk> , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trust , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends that are competent and honest , but you do n't want to get a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that I would make your own competence .
And I 'm so happy to say that I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it is , I still do n't realized it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before you trust .
Now trust is the answer .
The reliability is what we have to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , to make us easier at judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> and said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that I attend labor . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional life , that the system of accountability that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness , and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually making the opposite .
What they do is they have trouble work on the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , you know , `` Keep the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know about examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we could be able to be confident , and give them to people we are reliable , and if we try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , which is not properly .
Third , the task .
It 's going to be <unk> to the task , to rebuild the confidence , and it puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give them other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the bases enough so that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to have a <unk> test that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the commons , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , he says I can hand them without giving any explanations .
I take it back and get the money back , or you change them for the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you trust what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Since the early days of computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination is <unk> .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly and more and more , to such a point that today is <unk> , the thickness of a glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
I first created this tool that goes into digital space , so when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body at the pixel physical body .
Designers can take their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs on the screen .
So with this tool , it breaks down the barriers .
But the two hands remain below the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of hands ?
In the separation of Science <unk> from Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital field area .
So I combined a <unk> bombsight with cameras to pick up the fingers , and the face , you can now raise your hands on the keyboard , get inside the 3D space , and grab the pixel directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy to grab a book from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding on the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and we make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will have bought and returned things over the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device up in your head or <unk> when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would a future be like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this unique physical pixel .
This spherical imam behaves like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this three-dimensional three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we 'll ring the gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object digitally , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back and go back and get in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance from Michael Jordan , you can reproduce it as a physical reality , the times we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday business activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just showing us something , but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to make ourselves out of our world .
We started talking today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was reminded of myself to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only one path to happiness : a safe , safe job .
Whatever the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young tricks to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
Until I wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But any adults would tell you the idea .
No adults took me seriously .
My friends were supportive of me , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much older to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life a second class happiness is the only thing that I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to find another calling .
Nobody around me wanted to teach me ? OK .
Let 's go into books .
[ `` Beauty <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> '' ) [ `` <unk> '' ) [ `` <unk> '' ) [ `` <unk> '' ) [ `` <unk> '' ) In 1995 , and what were the first books that I 'm here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Earth Earth , '' it 's the Chinese <unk> life .
And it 's not propaganda propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but it 's strange .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` Get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this sentence of guilt , <unk> , to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also led to my comparative habit .
It takes a lot of perspectives .
For example , the beginning of this map seemed out of place , because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , which China had not to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
comparative reading is not a new thing .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
It 's up to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare it and contrast , offers to academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
It can be people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams , '' which were involved in a same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
To the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` Baby Tzu 's Road '' Thomas <unk> [ `` The Vagina '' Alan <unk> rather than lost in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through translation , I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Quick joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , it literally means `` new mother . ''
Books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not just going to be lonely or powerless never .
Having a complete dream , it 's not really anything compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , from where happiness comes from .
You can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , which I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my 20s , I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy .
I was a PhD student at Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a former <unk> , threw on the couch my office took off the shoes and said she wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My roommate had a very first client .
And I had a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it became easy to just move your head while I 'd put the solution to .
`` Patients are the new twenty , '' I said Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start working after that , you get home later , you have children later , until the death happens .
And as well as Alex and I had plenty of time .
But soon after that , my supervisor pushed me to push Alex , to talk about their loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out of the bottom of his category , lies with a <unk> <unk> , but it 's not as if it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe they get married with the next one .
In addition , the best moment to work in Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what he used to be used , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in the development .
This caused the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for the careers , the future families and the future <unk> of all sides .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you consider that no one gets to adulthood without going before them .
Raise your hand if you 're in your gut .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , they take off sleep , and I want to see . Okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go to 35 years .
This means that eight from 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' They give his life to have happened for when you have 30 and so many .
People about 40 , not trained .
This audience is going to be OK , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win .
We know that more than half Americans are married , or they live in or their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up their second and final step of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that wants to change themselves , now is the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time of life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated about 35 to 35 .
<unk> are the moment for educated on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which their daily and common life has a <unk> impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
They were journalists named dumb names into <unk> and <unk> .
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered <unk> what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to achieve big things , you need a plan , not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give him <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and your ambition , and absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting , like you or your kids and girls come to my office and say something like , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had a better curriculum that I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts going to sound like this : `` My dating quotes were like the game of the chairs .
They were all running , and they 'd come up , but then at some point around the '30s , the music turned off and they all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who stopped standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but do n't be wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous amount of pressure on the 30s and so many of them starting a career , pick a city , pick a mate , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that they start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from the '30s .
The middle-aged business crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
Notice you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the ones are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but I could n't decide yet , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , she lived with a boyfriend who showed more than ambition .
And even though I was living in a very difficult basis , his previous life had been even more difficult .
We often go through our sessions , but then she was getting herself up by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book for board , and I had spent the entire morning I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that would be worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade of Emma 's drivers was in front of her .
So for the next weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all 20-year-old , man or woman , deserves to know .
First of all , I said to Emma that would forget that identity crisis and provide identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , of that boarding school , that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should not be able to count , that , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with a little bit of mind you are just in terms of who you know , how they think about , how do you talk , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new piece of capital , who comes out almost always comes from outside the nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call faint ties of friends from their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half is not , and the weak ties are the way we 've got to <unk> this group .
Half the works is never published , so knowing the head of your neighbor is the way we get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information goes on .
And lastly , but not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose his family , but I know their friends .
This was true when he was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> to her family , when she has a partner and form their own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better at best , than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person who you live in now or get you now when everyone on Facebook start walking toward the priest , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that means being so intentional in love as you are in the work .
<unk> your family has to be a conscious choice of who , what they want instead of just doing that will work or kill time with whom you choose to choose you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a quarter who was working at an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That labor supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living .
Now , five years later , it 's a special part of museum events .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I send a letter to say , `` Now the emergency spaces of emergency room are not big enough . ''
Emma 's history may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out of Los Angeles , coming out somewhere in the west .
Just before takeoff , a slight adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , on the 21st or the 25 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next generations or even in the generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading from all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I 've got the privilege of saying to <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't let you define what they did n't know or what they did n't know .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very tough job at management management for a job that was even more challenging : faculty .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade students in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and evidence .
I give them tasks .
When I came back , I 'm going to show up grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best , and my worst students .
Some of those who had better performance , they had no I.Q . watch .
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of things you need to learn in seventh grade in seventh grade , you 're sure , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a <unk> .
But these concepts are not impossible and I was so convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the better way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you 're going to succeed in school and in life , it 's really much more than the ability to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who is successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy Wall West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training and who would be educated .
We went to the National Yo-Yo Contest , and we tried to predict what kids were going as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers elections working in really difficult neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching for the end of school and those , who will be the most effective to improve the learning results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job wearing ?
Who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health , and it was not I.Q .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
The determination is embracing your future , day after day , not only for the week , not only for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future a reality .
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination , and then I waited about more than a year to see those who were going to be disappointed .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater to graduate , even when I matched them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security results , even security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or at the National Yo-Yo Contest , where the determination is , it 's in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science is known about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop determination in children ?
What should I do to teach kids an ethic for work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent will not give them determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not going to go ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination is commonly not related , or it is even related to the talent measure .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and they learn about the brain and they grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to acquire when they fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , and get it wrong , to start all again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
And since that moment , I was reminded of this incredible language .
But for a foreign stranger , it seems to be so impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new , rapid method of learning Chinese could be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in every single character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than let 's do it in a faster and simpler shape .
A Chinese academic 23,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 people will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
So today I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it 's shouting like , `` Help me ! I 'm burning it ! '' This symbol is actually <unk> in the form of called , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The thing that works .
This is a tree .
tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` on . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree speaker is pretty stupid .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
The sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , wealthy .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon .
A door . Put a chart inside the door , it 's just captured by the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
He played , did there have someone at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , escaping , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight % will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundred characters , which is the same thing as a Chinese learn .
So after meeting the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , it meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> would go to their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has turned out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I would prefer to be my dad is the movies that I 'm going to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids -- when my daughter was four years old , we saw the magician 's magician together .
The film covered their imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our children into a sort of industrial fantasy show in child fantasy .
However , Dr. Oz 's magician was an event itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend really took over 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie whose protagonists , a metal guy , and a <unk> boy <unk> to a girl wearing the enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician 's magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if God 's magician am done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz as the prophecy of prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies by the <unk> of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing on Oz magician is that the most heroic characters , wise and even villains are women .
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars , my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son .
It 's just three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight were down . So slid in the room , so slid in the room , and she was just like a mother leg with her stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be the value of value , perseverance and loyalty and loyalty ?
Would n't the sense that Luke is an army to overthrowing the government ?
I mean this with the 1939 Supreme magician .
How do you win your film ?
They 're doing good lights up with each other and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to will grow , right ? And not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why is there so much F , which is force in the movies for our children , and so little on the way of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of the film of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that had served it to navigate the world of adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I expected the credit , would start to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search has done , I have girlfriend .
Why keep standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a suit of warrior .
There are a lot of exceptions , and to defend Disney princess with any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There is no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being war movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues appearing on classic after classic , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came out of a <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a film of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films passed on <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not rising , and it 's spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of mine on the film assessment they saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you need to be done : In the film , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Your conversations are about something else of the kid that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the film we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , a consensus , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is .
Virtually , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have lots of scenes that have deep and painful conversations in this range , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` Let 's go to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular films , how many of them do you think they have female actors ?
<unk> . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen for recently to Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted , ever in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
Nor do I believe that music and pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are these guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you do ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't speak ?
Now , are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to get it .
We have tools at our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help us , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> will be to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean primarily of the parents .
I think we have to show our children 's children , a new definition of <unk> .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You 'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from Star Wars , you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to bring their potential to their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories to tell my son : Go and struggle with only and more stories where their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , as the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a child , he lived in Maine , and one of the things I loved most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to pick them up .
I started looking at shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I see with my own eyes , it was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to cities size .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
So to try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using a fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old capital of the old Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire is about 4,000 years ago .
The place is in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that we were going to be located at some place near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , and here in the red circles here , but somewhere within this enormous plain plain .
This area is enormous , it 's about <unk> per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as changed over time , moved to this one and covered all the city .
So how do you find a city <unk> in a big landscape ?
And I 'll try to find out random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded , and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA 's NASA to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see the Nile .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this <unk> area that looks inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptians with Egyptians doing sampling them , they can see it here .
When I 'm sampling it , it 's like the sample of sample in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
About five meters below , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of objects in the pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date back from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat , and what shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem to be a lot , but when we think about the most common stones that were used in the Middle Empire of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation of occupation from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We did n't know yet , but we will go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
Now share the knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on the ground .
So as it seems , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas happen really started in 1984 B.C in a lost city , not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the <unk> of sea shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now I 'm going to give you a group of <unk> obese group .
They 're competing in a <unk> race , and they 're moving into their front door .
I need to look at this .
They 're hot , they 're sweating , they 're sweating very much .
They bumping up against the door of his house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , the lightning wheels that end up in places that end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light shines on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your blue fur by taking tickle the nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , you can smell that it 's about to go into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and trained his living room .
Already in the room , and making use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on your center table , singing , `` I 'm wearing One More More . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick on the oven , and since the oven comes to you Dorothy , the man of <unk> , the <unk> and `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> of hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise man .
There were several men and a few different ladies from different ages and different hygiene habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
We 've got the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
Take full poems in just minutes .
He <unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is unbelievable . ''
These people must be the phenomenon of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England , and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques , invented 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that we used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I hear this before ? ''
We were standing outside the classroom , and Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of <unk> , said , `` Josh , you are an American journalist .
Do you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a deck of cards live in national television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you could be me .
Do you have to start with something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending the majority of the following year , not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential might be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that lets you see what our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . He was based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man '' movie .
We spent a evening together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was <unk> .
And when I came back , I read a lot of treaties on writing about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having <unk> , disciplined and cultured , was not such as rare as it might be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , in providing their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They have culturally changed , and I would say that they 've changed us as well .
Like we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of <unk> , disciplined and cultured , is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's not that singular , it 's not that singular all around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a group of memory champions , the lab .
They wanted to know , `` Is it brains in some sense , structural , different way of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI <unk> machine , they <unk> their brains as well as numbers , faces and snowflakes of snow , they found that in the memory champions , they found out parts of the brain , different from the other .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The competitive memorizing tournament is driving as an armed race where every year comes to someone with a new way to remember more things , faster , and then the rest of competitors to get into the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of pretty messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize an hour , using a technique that he invented and he 's mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of random binary digits .
In half an hour . Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all techniques used to be reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox : He says the following : I tell two people who remember the same word , I tell you , `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person he said to her is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the Baker name , it does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories they dance for his head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use white hats .
They have flour in the hands .
They 're going back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you get that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> in order to <unk> them at some point .
And one of the most elaborate techniques to do this about 2,500 years ago in Greece .
It 's called the memory palazzo .
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who attended a bag .
They had hired it like entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he stood his poem out of memory , and left left , and so soon he was , the classroom was collapsed .
And by killing everybody .
But not only did it kill all of them , but it shattered the bodies and left unrecognizable .
Nobody could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford them .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , one survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where he had been sitting every guest .
I took the family 's family <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> warned at that moment is something that we all know or intuitively know that we all know whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions from our colleagues , we have visual memory and exceptional space .
If I would tell you that I was going to tell you the first 10 words of the story that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very hard to do that .
But I would bet that if you 're going to tell you to say who I was sitting on the horse -- brown <unk> in his lobby , would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy , crazy , crazy , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , is the picture , and it 's more memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do memory , in the same way that I would have documented if you invited it to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of ridiculous , crazy image , and so memorable , to help you remember that the first thing you want to talk about is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> over Mr. Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story that they want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how the speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse them , but typical .
In fact the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant when people thought about oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms .
The phrase `` first place '' would be the first place in his memory palazzo .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got up with it .
And I went to some of these memory memory and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like watching a lot of people sitting around taking exams , I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone fell off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in her place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school school bought a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was <unk> fun .
I would never expect it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it is really about doing is improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , preposterous , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked up with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> , and covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve as a good Nanopatch for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches and phone numbers and phone numbers , but it 's actually not the point .
These are just a little bit of tricks .
Because they 're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be put out of the memory of memory or memorize cards of cards , to benefit from a bit of insight into how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
Let 's tell you when we focus deeply on .
The memory palace -- these memory techniques , just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's sort of a deep processing , a kind of complete kind of attention that most of us are not going to hang around .
But the reality is , there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short-lived existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who walks us to our side . We are going to be so scary that we did n't even want to be able to process in depth ?
I learned firsthand that we have incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so we 'd put into a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from N. Jersey , I was six years old , and I lived there in my parents ' home in a village called <unk> , and this was my kid 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom to share with my sister .
And in my bedroom , and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the room to be .
And then you 've got the time watching television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I got bored and I 'd come back in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
I took that tour , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but of those connections , emotional connections that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's not surprising we feel like that way , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , they spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
I mean , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a bit naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it suggests to you , you think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it , so it 's based on a building built two and a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a very , very long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the United States , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building stuff is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . The <unk> and the governments , they 're always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library , which is in my hometown , and , you know , you have a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which leaves what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , the values of ownership , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , was another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use the media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , two buildings called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation -- the architects constantly drive new technologies , new minorities , new solutions for the living forms of life .
<unk> , we 'll push it up and push it so much of the people .
All of black , this gets depressing . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no other option .
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with these defining symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , so we started experimenting again , we 're going to swing the pendulum back to go ahead and over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago in the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the <unk> .
It 's about the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on a dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate these symbols .
Let 's get the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know we like and <unk> them .
We added neon and add pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't take <unk> .
We took cabinets of <unk> , and we converted them into skyscrapers , which can be medieval castles made of glass .
The shapes were <unk> , won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
<unk> grew up to the size of buildings .
One madness .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial centers , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , to the French , or the Italian .
Possibly with an endless amount of bread sticks .
This is what 's going on with <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy ; they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know that this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we started making swing the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the <unk> <unk> .
We 've got the historical symbols that we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we find new compositions -- a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> back in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened up this building .
This is the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when she critics and public and public general , they were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times diary <unk> this miracle built .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous all over the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same triggered in the world .
So they all believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects .
It 's going to adapt and to Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually began to pass with all the architecture -- digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to walk up to the next town to see a building .
The transport is speeding up : you can take a ship , a plane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on television , and at the end , we 're all photographers , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't be accurate enough to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know that the one that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we had no idea how much we had .
That 's never going to happen to happen . I think , because we are at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete and steel , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , to be on both extremes almost simultaneously , and it becomes effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can do almost <unk> symbols , with emotional burden , something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that was burned .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was a part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the whole product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did from the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that does lead to the collective memory , and to charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how we think architecture .
We can tell each other what architecture is , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> .
If that building was built today , first we 're going to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , about what a library might be .
That are ammunition .
<unk> that they can lead to the mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell them that there is no unique answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience who does n't embrace anything I had n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you do n't get distracted by the architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
So this means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical imitation , based on ideas of what you should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 're finally ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that buildings will become the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or yoga , or even you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River of New York , and raising half a million dollars from the community together , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of names , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects , you know how to do more ecological , smarter , more friendly buildings .
We 've been waiting for everybody to want them .
And finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do not only reflect our society , but they give them to the smallest spaces -- the libraries , the homes where our children form , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year and started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that I like to do is look to you in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and they give itself these big , big kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do this , and he made me think , `` When do n't I know about doing this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people search for Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and living in Denver .
And as any teenager , she only wants to be dear and fit .
It 's a Sunday night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit scary , it 's a little bit confused , because , even though his mother tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says it 's ugly .
Among what his mom says , and what his friends or classmates say , does n't know who to believe .
So he does a video of her same thing , he publishes on YouTube , and he asks for others to leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager , who receives these answers to one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what does it lead to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me , `` I like , '' commenting , sharing , publishing , this is never over .
Never before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are relentless .
This environment , to be always connected , is always connected to our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , '' they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is rigged either .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of pictures that are covers of the girls ' news now .
<unk> of feet zero remain <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : <unk> , <unk> , <unk> it .
For those of you who do that , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what the young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
Like the sports stars like the sport , and the singers who are going to be disappointed .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be very healthy individuals .
But in an <unk> culture , we are teaching our children to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other things start to suffer .
Six thousand , every 10 of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for its growth as human beings , and as a taxpayer to the society and the business development camp .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to be involved in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call the attention of their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all over the day when you do n't feel comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get it a smaller note to the average of your fellow who do n't care about that look .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , the United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what these young people weigh .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about you , not how you really are .
The low self-esteem on its body is opening academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> .
Kids with time self-esteem do fewer physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they engage in more healthy diet that can bring them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily influenced by the people around them and they 're at greater risk of depression .
And we think that it 's all about all of this for what they make decisions more risky , like alcohol consumption and drugs , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual activity , early ages , and no protection and damage damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing to the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe that they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or they have no greater achievement rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to an interview interview on a day that they do n't feel secure in the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
We 've got this potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , talking , for itself , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is we have to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are a lot of software available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So we need to make sure that the program that follow our children are not only going to have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are crucial points of crucial departure from anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem .
One education is fundamental , but facing this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat and be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the status of today 's status of as women are seen , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in slices of hair , or the size of your breasts , or that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge people , because they are , not as they look .
All of us can start doing so by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our kids will grow to be valuing their own person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who really are making a difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that go out on the big screen because we just will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're seen is never known to be who they are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who is in mind ?
spouse ?
`` sister ? ''
A daughter ?
Her niece ? friend ?
Could it be simply the woman who 's at two seats a distance . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice <unk> inside , that haunts it 's not going to have long legs , except shorter , a more flat , <unk> belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were doing this , and we would unlock their potential for that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all around .
But let 's ask our children the truth .
So what you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for whom they are and what they do , and because they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And to work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of today are going to become insurance agents themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi <unk> <unk> , the leader of the Defense Defense League .
He was initially afraid of the innocent charges , but being in jail for other charges younger , in the company of others , started to plan attacks at about 12 icons in New York , including tunnels and synagogues , and the United Nations .
Luckily , those plans are rewarded for an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't stop it .
Later , he would be convicted of his participation in that bomb .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , as he was an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , elementary school teacher , the two did everything that could give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to be able to wish for the same things in life .
However , all of the human group , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of the people that were going to be provided to their verbal convictions and think that we need to use all possible media for everyone to live like them .
A few months before he arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We came up with the <unk> shot that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I got touched , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot gave the little orange light on the goal and , to surprise all of me , all the goal broke on fire .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
All of us , the comment came up with a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they were doing as funny .
You see it in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted , they 're charged with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood was n't allowed to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody , it was now of pack and leaving another city .
As I was always the new face of class , I was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being white , but to be the new kind of class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent home , reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it gently . As to grow <unk> , I was not prepared for the real world .
I raised opera raised by judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open the eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my thinking was during the presidential elections .
In a <unk> program , I was involved in the National Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group was <unk> on the subject of juvenile violence , because I had been a victim of <unk> almost all of my life , it was something I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group would come from various backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys we had made , was Jewish .
It took a few days to go out to the light this detail , and I realized that there was no animosity .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud of having defeat the barrier that all life had been made to me to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat friendly people , exactly the way I wish I would be treated .
By that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then I came from `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually that I was honest with my <unk> , and I was helping me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal figure at a moment where I was desperately going to do it .
Occasionally , inspiration can come from the unexpected one , and that a Jewish man would have had a better influence in my own life that my own father , extremist , was n't in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something that is holding on my heart forever , while it 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has had enough to have endless dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and get me in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who is trying to lead to violence , can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , which even though I 'm reminded of this ideology , violent ideology , I did n't get to myself a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight the terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I showed up here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now , there 's a film that 's projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood that we project into front of your eye .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in straightforward .
This film is your <unk> , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of your own .
I do n't have certain that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these inner movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 've got to produce a result without experiencing the movie of the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all of the 20th century , we would get that vision .
The psychology studying behavior is objectively , the neuroscience is objectively a objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , it all started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose , they said , `` now is the moment for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real bang , a budding of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The science of consciousness in the recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand a lot better , for example , the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science science .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work in neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness , questions about what certain areas of the brain do , and what it was correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well does n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is it an internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all emerging behaviors , how they operate the traffic jams , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , are adapted and metabolizing living organisms , and they 're all questions about how to target .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we 're walking , how we talk , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that everything is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have much to say .
I 'm a <unk> , a <unk> .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , he beat me the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand at this point .
We have a wonderful explanations chain , and we get used to this ; the physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains the psychology of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to manipulate that idea of our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that we need to start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Her crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective film that includes it includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you need to do is explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and so that 's what it studies to do .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to the denial of consciousness being satisfying .
But I 'm in a different direction .
In the time that remains , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks and time , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern govern govern , like the laws of gravity , or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in any more basic terms .
Instead , you consider them fundamental , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , so I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass charge , then for logic of logic , you have to <unk> .
The most natural would be to strive for consciousness as fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not an object of science .
It opens the way to direct it scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws that we can put them into a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like that .
We want to find fundamental laws that we can put them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every single system can have a degree of consciousness .
This view is sometimes called <unk> : `` Pan '' by all , `` Pan '' by the mind is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish , when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I ca n't slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some early precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did you think something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , is natural to assume that it can also be universal , as well as others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea is <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
And a deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that are taking the thinking with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
<unk> <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
<unk> information , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the level of information integrated into a system .
And I 'm supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a high degree integration of information , equal to significant , very significant consciousness .
But when it comes to the worms , microbes , particles , the <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
In fact , a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality behind that underlies .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where do you get the fire of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be stopped , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found outside the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to overestimate our relationship with nature , and can have fairly serious social consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat any conscience , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think by thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in terms of ethical terms and moral considerations , is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the <unk> movie ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has complicated information processing , integrated , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , they have pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethical ethic .
And finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective people , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk -- right now we have a TED conscience , an internal movie for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you have to take seriously .
So this vision <unk> is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually more sure about the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one , that it 's universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , as those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going right down the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally be able to figure out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural town in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I was overwhelmed with my friends , and I was obsessed with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to have a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there is an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> the <unk> <unk> , and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't make anything extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching in a high school in Melbourne in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the class of this guy , a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's the speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your collective speech .
When people in lawn chairs , they talk about things going on in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom . ''
And it was when I realized , this child had had experiences with disabled people as inspirational objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , that is , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage where I do in this wheelchair , and probably you are waiting for inspire you . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid <unk> .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , you have sold us in the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
It 's possible that you 've seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there is a lot of them .
You may have seen one , the girl without a little girl 's drawing with a pencil for the mouth .
You may have seen a little kid running with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which is what we call porn .
And I use the porn term by deliberately , because you 're going to give you a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we would encourage the disabled at the benefit of no disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate you , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , because of a bad life that 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person ?
I 've lost my mind the number of times that have been addressed to me to express that I 'm courageous , to express that I am courageous or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was like me getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images that are empowered people with disabilities in people with no disability .
They 're there for you and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as disabled person is really hard .
So , let 's get some things .
But the things that we were not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` handicap people , '' deliberately because I 'm reminded of the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to get the best of your ability as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability to .
So is it really fair to do it in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspirational source , '' he says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we 've sold this lie that our disability makes us extraordinary .
And honestly , they do n't .
And I know what you 're thinking about .
I 'm here for the inspiration I 'm here , and you think , `` Oh my God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I 'm studying other disabled people at any time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now I learn that this is a great idea to use a kind of barbecue <unk> to pick up the things that fall in , I learn the ingenious trick of how to load your mobile phone battery battery battery battery .
Great .
We learn from force and resistance from others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that would be rejuvenated and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold to us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that it is lies is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles to a slope of stairs has never done a ramp .
Never . You 're going to go back to a TV screen wo n't show the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it is a positive attitude turning all those books to the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be on a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the disabled people that we 're standing up with the bed of bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child in the 11 degree in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us extraordinary , but question what you 're thinking about , I know what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what 's the average speed of a swallow swallow ?
Unfortunately , today I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't stand up .
When people think about augmented reality , they think about `` Minority Report , '' and on Tom Cruise flying hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that happens in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know it , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is I try to <unk> it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet , and knowing what is running through the field of play to 100 miles an hour , blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds , <unk> us , trying to empathize with everything else .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what 's going to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the startup technology is a submarine climbing up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's awful .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have noticed that we need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
Video : Mice 54 ! mice 54 .
Blue 8 , Blue 8 , go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and you 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
Or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go from a full place , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which surely many you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a Russian mountain fearing for his life .
Which is going to be the experience of a fan when you add a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , throwing a <unk> with the arm before running and doing an notation ?
When you can be able to be able to run away by the court , launching the ball on the bottom of the network , or do you make a Wimbledon one up ?
What will be their experience when he goes from a mountain at over 100 miles an hour like a <unk> skier ?
Maybe it 's going to be saved by adult diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
Do we have the augmented reality when the coaches , the coaches and the owners watched the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it for winning games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on technology in the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their <unk> of field to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to do it .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed radios in the helmets of the countryside in the countryside , and then in the '50s .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see his next hand shown shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that 's wearing . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting an accident .
You or to memorize the strategy .
They just go into the countryside and they react .
And the coaches want to want it , because if you do n't follow instructions , they lose games , they hate to lose games .
If you lose your party , you get a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a <unk> manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How do you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view of the people that are below .
You also get information from the beating and <unk> , something that 's already been working .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know send it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
Now , this brings up the good news equipment .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis will stop being just for nerds .
It 's going to be for athletes too . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field of field .
<unk> the ball and <unk> it .
<unk> to an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left-hand side of your bombsight is telling you that a defense behind you is going to be <unk> . Usually , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system is telling you .
It gets to the protection area .
Another flashlight tells you that there is an open receiver .
<unk> the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees on its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's approaching , catching the ball , runs and puts it together .
The audience go crazy and the fans have followed the hand from every angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to do a lot of people who look at it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we just going to use it as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , to be in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth with <unk> .
It 's generating billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology that 's worth a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia , trying to show the world , how do you live being pursued ?
How much is it worth <unk> or Neil <unk> codes , trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality comes up .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend , like always , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Most of those 23 years , the country <unk> the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known for its beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer chief engineer to build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is pretty much to test for suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical nor probable . ''
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge .
Some people think that traveling between the two towers , bringing it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as such , so that the fall of it gives you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After one every free of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of us die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually <unk> in the frozen water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that we would write this suicide method will be aware of the death of death to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people have been before they get rid of life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in their darkest moment , it 's very difficult to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an expert watching his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back over the fence .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
It 's <unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were fighting suicide , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , official officials and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met her last year of July last year by getting a call from a suicide subject sitting in the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , he looked at Jason talking to an official to the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown up until two times before from New Jersey to try to kill suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , we asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
Of course , she came out , sorrows , all kinds of ills against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few moments , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just got out of life .
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing , because the next day , the head of the family called me to see how I was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved it was suicidal ?
What would you say ?
Let 's tell you what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
No <unk> , <unk> , or say to the person you know how it feels , because you 're probably not knowing .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of you , they save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe that there is nothing that you can do about it -- social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on January 19 , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking it should be standing on the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope that you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to tell your friends , and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving back to San Francisco to see the <unk> of his 49 father in January 19 .
It never came up there .
He called the cop 's police , and you 'll put it up as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean by hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I wrote a radio call by a potential suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
I put my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , I crossed immediate immediately the railing , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half , I heard how Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided to go back on that lane , and give her life another opportunity .
When Kevin went back , it 's <unk> .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was the thing that did you go back and gave the hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You heard me .
They told me and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the 9/11 events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness in which it has been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin to when she was only six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , but , thanks to God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as it says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco 's Hospital that night , you <unk> as the patient .
`` Well , I had to solve it ! ''
Now , Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing their own pain , robbery the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they did n't think other people hurt .
They just want your own pain .
And so it 's usually done in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
From those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who told him about an hour .
For that time , I was holding my hand on three occasions .
In the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , the vast majority of the people that we get to contact with that bridge wo n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave the fence that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that every single one of us should be planning to do .
suicide can be preventing .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but in your interior , you know what you 're , and a question mark , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , no way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since .
My outside was finally consistent with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , you know , you got this picture , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We all care about our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some people have the courage to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always defy the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that shirt on the head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do it .
Gender has always considered a unchanging made , but now we know that , in truth , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to encourage you to share my story , not because I thought I 'm a bad thing , but how the world treats those of us who want free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have Mom , dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There is a long tradition of the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines of celebrated these mysteries .
I was standing in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if some of me asks me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was still wearing a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she had to blow her up on teamwork and costume , and that night , he won in the bathroom , I won in a <unk> suit , and there was a third finalist between more than 40 candidates .
That time changed my life .
Suddenly it was within the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was the queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of the homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and I told me that they passed my application for the green card that I could go to live to America .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know what if you 're going to join the United States , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` two '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was <unk> in Thailand at age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most rural , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , you need to get surgery before the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F , '' gender gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or power to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly my fears saw me .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who lived in living his truth , but <unk> , he set up his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we make a global waking up by <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage , thank you a long history of people who were going to be able to stand up to injustice .
These are Marsha Johnson and Sylvia U.K .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't live my truth alone and only for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that some day no longer anymore than 20 of November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You 'll see , first , thank you to all my blessings .
To my support network , my parents , especially to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to young people who have been to young young women , who had expertise , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put a gender on the table that some times , that 's not a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many <unk> and tribal societies , the parents usually know about their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who is known to her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
They started his campaign through education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts were <unk> in 2011 , to <unk> the National Prize for peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in <unk> societies , right from the beginning , when we were born a girl , his birth is not celebrating .
It 's not welcome , nor for her father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , day , gives the mother to the mother , and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed with a little girl .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , they <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when his third daughter shines , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter was newly born , when he grows , it 's too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , he stays home and school followed their siblings .
At the age of 12 , somehow , he has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he 's serving 13 , he 's protective to come out of his house without a male <unk> .
It 's confined to the four walls of your house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the name of his father and his father and his family , and if they were to remove the code of that honor of honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only does it affect the life of a girl , also affects the life of the male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of honor of honor .
And there is a standard of <unk> societies which is called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the elderly decisions , even if he does n't want to .
If you get married with a man who does n't like or marry an old man , he has to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen by <unk> .
If you get a young woman , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and girls . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children .
And this vicious cycle goes on and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when <unk> was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty a legendary <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and he grabbed my pen , and I plotted a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might wonder , why should I mention the admission to a child in a school ?
Yeah , I 've got to mention it .
You can give it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in tribal societies , is a great event for the child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
<unk> to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and the aspirations that can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I was exploring the form of a Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember my family 's family care stories .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters in no document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters or her daughters , I thought he had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I 'm going to be sitting down with me when my friends came to see me .
The encouraged will go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to do it in his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation .
He taught my daughters , taught students , will forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
They gave up brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women participation in all of the political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
girls are banned from going to school .
Women were forced to use them , and they stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the musicians <unk> and the singers were killed .
<unk> billion , but few people talked about , and it was frightening to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up and lifted up the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , and she offered himself for the New York Times documentaries , and I talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They were <unk> like a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate their campaign , and the October 9 of 2012 , 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into my ear , `` Should I blame my daughter for what happened to my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he <unk> said , `` Please , you do n't get bored .
Let 's make it just a fair cause .
<unk> your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the reason , because of the education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect it . ''
These little words I 've been doing a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , he had severe pain and severe headaches , because his facial nerve was cut down , I used to see a dark shadow that sits on the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
He used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you know , I 'm sitting in my face .
I 'm okay . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we were going to be disappointed .
They put brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the hardest times , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries when he does n't end up his homework .
They fight his siblings , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has made so bold , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm telling you , do n't ask me what I did .
I did what I did n't .
I did n't cut off his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined me with the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> , where I 'm in charge of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Do you still be smart or not ?
Would n't you be smart , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what amount to take , about a dozen more powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , it would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixing of chemicals , and try to get a hold of life , to follow life .
I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I have a soul soul , so I decided I would experience it to try and get the <unk> dose , because there 's actually no clear map that says it in <unk> .
I began to test that with different mixes , and I was amazed by how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my thinking , my thinking , my behavior with others .
One particularly impressive case : for a few months , I had a dose of the standard doses for a <unk> man , and I was surprised to see how I saw my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- -- of course , many times in the past 've known a number of kinds of guys , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little bit insecure , fixing a problem that had the front , and it just does n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through . Since then I 'm better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I 'm usually thinking about imagery , and that became my key point of reference : how to have these mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes look at things like this .
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Now there are the people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works , and for me it is simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the right point , and I have a lot of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to get fast these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director would be able to use your imagination just to lead the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract music from his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is to just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups leading in neuroscience .
They both used MRI , MRI , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image .
The column in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual while you imagined , watching that same image .
The column on the right was created of the central column on the left column . You see the difference is almost close .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between watching an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost close .
Now , let me tell you another experiment . This is from the lab by Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn the brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were going to get their brains to create a big pool of brain reactions to the video sequences .
Then I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while you 've got a new scanning new scan .
The computer , using just the brain data of the scanning of the scan , to show what it seemed like the person was watching .
On the right you can see the boards from the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This gave us a <unk> .
We 're close to that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you can imagine that same image , you create the brain itself map .
This was done with the brain scanning systems that are available today , and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do it ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is open your skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me , with the recent outcome of the MRI , first we have to ask the following , this technology will be the end of the path ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> , only offer small improvements in resolution , does n't increase by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly arrangements , like a <unk> .
And why does this matter to us ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in the MRI went out to make big magnets , right ?
However , most of the advancements in recent advances in the <unk> of resourceful , bright solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers of frequency radio directly on the MRI systems .
At once , instead of a uniform field , we use the existing magnetic field at the same frequencies of the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing processing , we can increase the information that you can extract from a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge of brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid <unk> , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We are going to be able to put our ideas directly into digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how will we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We have a few options to open this door .
Anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take a lot more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet may be told to someone for the first time , or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life .
Every closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our topics are able to vary tremendously , the experience of being lived , and there is something universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must be .
A lot of years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through a number of phases of the <unk> <unk> intensity : I did n't get my armpits , quote the letters of the <unk> , and he gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'm standing on the slope of my pants short , and for me , I 'd get my head out of my pocket , and I was usually asked , `` Hey , are you a kid or a girl ? ''
And there would be awkward silence on the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with my rage .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and put it inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised you that next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and it was about to get into the women 's issues at the table . I had the Betty <unk> quotes .
quotes from Gloria Steinem .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' that would show .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down and my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath back , and I got loads of a lot again , I got a lot of a lot of a sudden , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something that 's confusing .
I 've got my little hair 's short hair , and I 'm watching a kid , and I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable table .
I 'm more of the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , by paying attention , and said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple , and he has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just . You 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the most easier and difficult conversation ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl 's girl and I , both , we were honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and yeah , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But within , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not unlike yours or yours or yours .
Now , you know , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why I get out of my closet harder than coming out of your closet , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has broken banking , is it more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is harder than telling your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classifying what is hard to do with what 's hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we must just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what your walls are made , a closet , is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , I had a horse on a horse , a dressed and tall high-heeled shoes .
It was n't the militant lesbian prepared to fight any child for four years that would fit to the coffee .
It was frozen by the fear of the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay grenade , and the move just a muscle is the scariest thing I ever had .
My family , my friends , full strangers I 've spent my whole life trying to do not <unk> , and now the world turned around by purpose .
It was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , you kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade took to my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests , they knew that I was gay , and when I did my Lady for honor , in my black dress and a heels , I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who had been known to me for years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay storytelling had started .
`` <unk> , ever were you in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my <unk> Antony ? ''
It 's really good , and he 's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace and Grace .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , she learns , but he 's waiting for me to try and get her support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said to a shape , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but struggle ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
It 's like that hard conversations are still not my strong point .
Ask anybody who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of <unk> <unk> .
Now please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be real .
Turn on armor . Be you yourself .
That girl in the coffee did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others have to know we do suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just shake it . Get your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , you know .
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay , they will maintain hope that that could change .
They do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- leave the complex .
You guys communicate the truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you may get safe wounded , you 're going to get them out of what they 've done , but I 'll never be sorry for what they are .
And I know , maybe some will be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them on what you are , but not theirs .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find in a dark closet to get a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think of a machine , '' as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim .
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
So let 's start with a thought experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , which does n't know anything about Earth 's biology or neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about the Earth 's intelligence , you would see that we should develop a physical theory that would explain how , to some point in time , the asteroids that would take the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that the understanding of the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took place several years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , across various disciplines , that pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed in the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic motion planning , there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots skills to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , for a long time : Is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an assertion that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintain open choice , with the diversity of the diversity of possible , yes , to an impending future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get caught up .
Your intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How little predictive is it ?
Are we taking the level of human intelligence ?
Do you know artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> investigations in cosmology have been able to suggested the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy '' in their life should have more favorable conditions to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is going to have a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually it comes straight from it ?
To find out , we developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy long-term in any system where you find it inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of humans , and even making money <unk> , all of them without being told to do that .
So here are some examples in action .
Just like a foot of foot without falling over , here , here we see <unk> balancing automatically by a pole .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided to balance the pole . ''
This ability to balance has applications for humanoid robotics and human aid technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite sides of one rope at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see this successfully playing a game game against itself , <unk> its potential for play .
So here we see a little new connections in a social network where friends are constantly intact and keeps successful the very connected network .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy care and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the route of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to expand the global scope to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in defense and logistics and transportation .
And finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discover and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated negotiation set of actions , successfully increase assets under its management exponentially .
This ability to risk management will have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as using tools , upright walking , and social cooperation , they all derive from a single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
So let 's go back at the beginning of the term term , the `` <unk> '' play -- there was always the concept that if you were smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines went up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that perhaps all of these decades , we 've had the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that machines first become smart , and then they 'll go back and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence , that general intelligence may actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals to get out of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to the offspring , to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and prevent the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home home .
Although , over the last few years , we have expanded our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler 's Kepler 's Kepler has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit other stars , what points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler , they show the sizes of planets from the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
And together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and vague like the Earth 's planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
At once , this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've led to global scale have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> <unk> of the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for Earth-like planets , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little bit further from the sun , you can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission as Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both Mars .
Our <unk> will track its surface for clues to clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites in orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the Mars atmosphere , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
The private companies now offer not just space flights , but also the potential opportunity to live on Mars .
But despite all these images , we remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and groundbreaking ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places we are actually <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the saddest and oldest places on Earth , air is fresh and full of oxygen , by our tropical forests , thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this enthusiasm , for the colonization of Mars and other planets , and then , the implication , and the belief and the belief of some of the Mars expect there to save us from the only planet that we know that is truly habitable , Earth .
And so I 'm like the interplanetary exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will comment that I 'm going to really have a place later on the boat in the boat . Thank you .
But the goals for interplanetary exploration and terrestrial preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually expensive for the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improving life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like <unk> aliens .
It 's only close to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : the Fermi paradox .
So many years ago , the Enrico physicist Fermi asked , when you realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life until now .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 've developed .
It 's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save ourselves , but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments on Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the most easier task to preserve the Goldilocks <unk> .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was going to get my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets , I realized I had no keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the lunch table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all right closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend to spend night , because I had an early flight to Europe in the following morning , and my passport would come up with my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure that they 're not more expensive than a half night , so I thought , even though , even though the circumstances , I 'm standing fine .
I 'm a neuroscientist a profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It builds up your heart rate increases , and they 'll take the adrenaline levels and you get your thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in place , to avoid that it was bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 'll get the probability of a complete catastrophe .
So I got to think about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would not be disappointed .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about it a few years earlier , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as you explain Danny , you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong , next to you , try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of <unk> .
Some of them are evident , so they 're not so no-brainer .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we 'll take a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the fish are , where the fish are , who places the <unk> trees , where tribes , friends , friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> into <unk> <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows our squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , they cut the sense <unk> of the squirrels , and you could still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move very much , not so good for things that are moving a lot .
This is the reason for losing the car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , you 'll take a place for keys , a hook together to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate box .
For your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you take a place , and you 're looking at it with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the phone a picture of your credit cards , license driving , passport , <unk> by mail for themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or they steal , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic to you .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that low stress will not be at the best moment , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular condition .
But this is <unk> as a lot of medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take from which it would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . You even know that you have to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , <unk> the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that is supposed to be asking for that most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have surgery on any medical procedure before they can help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistician <unk> is that ?
Number one has to be one .
My doctor wo n't tell me anything if it was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not guilt for the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of the drugs .
So the number you need to treat the most widely prescribed self , what do you think it is ?
How many people have to take it before you can help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research research researchers will cynical <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> by <unk> .
I would explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more , and it 's , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include things terrible : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate , pain pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not much likely to happen to me , we still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember that low stress do n't think of clarity .
So , think about how we 're doing this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to be harmed by the drug that the drug will help you .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is pretty typical .
For the surgery that more is done in the older men in 50 , <unk> of cancer prostate , the number you need to treat is 49 .
That 's how it was , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
They include impotent or erectile disfunction , we 've dodged ourselves , allowing the fecal incontinence , urinary incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only hang on a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you might argue that we can make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to do all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , they want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot more pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
With a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react very quickly . They could be the lunch for lions lunch , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational thing , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we need to be able to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail at the time .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those fail , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things in the first place .
He empowers the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a combination of combination along the door , with a key to the gate of the entry into the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have not ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> ' <unk> .
Four , <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my cartoon from a tree ' tree , and you see that it does n't matter how many thousand and thousands of <unk> ' may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over the decade of 1800 , and over time time , I mixed with local signs , and he developed the language that we know as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
Now , now I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're actually in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following blindly their rules , customs , behaviors , without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise when you eat the bag of chips . ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this sound tag .
Maybe I think of the most happy person 's label on what it does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound to come next .
Hence , this cartoon .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , so on .
<unk> , for announce .
You can see that the <unk> does n't have grades in the lines .
That 's because the lines contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
And yet , to me , to make it with my thumb , you do n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
Over this summer , I visited the museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has entered my own art landscape .
Am I going to do more about art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it anyway , or it would experience visually , or even like an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me how to sound , I decided to leave it and get it to me .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I put it into the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was oblivious , it was a listener .
And sound is so powerful that I could go to me and my artistic work , or I could empower myself .
I chose to join me .
There is a massive culture around language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , in work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when we borrowed their voices , I 'm able to keep a sense of value , something like taking a loan to a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue to have this practice , I feel that I could do it in oblivion and not have any social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and express fully on the paper .
And the same thing can say in <unk> .
The two are very spatial and highly <unk> what means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you map a distinct parameter for every finger while you touch the piano , like facial expression , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of hand and so , as you touch the piano , the English is a linear language , as if it 's just one key at the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with the music as the tone and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign on that .
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm seeing you .
stares at it .
Oh , I 'm stuck .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and I would break it over and over again , it could be as a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and puts it .
This is all day .
If you <unk> it and the speed , visually , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel the same thing can be said to all night . ''
All night .
This is the whole night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how far the body can be able to express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Oh , '' `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea once , `` Once there was a time . ''
`` Time Time , '' is a musical term with a specific pace of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think from `` ordinary time '' at the same time .
See <unk> : hand hand , E : <unk> hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> <unk> ] [ Up ] [ In the chest : E : E , limb <unk> ] I 'm going to show you a shape of the hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do that with me ?
All right .
Now we 're going to do that as much in the head as the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and the languages of signs around the world .
The second one that I 'd like to show you is this one . Please do it again .
And now this is .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> '' , `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
Look at how the three signs are very similar , and they all occur in the head and your chest , but they convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't automatically have social value .
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allow the <unk> developing their own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learning <unk> . Do n't have to hear to learn music .
<unk> is a treasure trove , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a kid , my parents would tell me , `` You can get them all , but then you got to clean . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults would lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults are also <unk> and they 're not very good at <unk> from others .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention in Hong Kong school .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk down the beach with lots of trash .
So as good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put this information on a map .
But it 's very expensive , and it 's very expensive , and it 's too risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , ages six to 15 years to dream up a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table with high <unk> , so that children very often can be involved .
And I 'll tell you , kids who are manipulating electrical tools , they feel great and feel safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out what we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just providing information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids get a lot about robots so much .
Then we started to quickly create what we call `` a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we 've done before lunch .
And we 're going to transform lamps and websites on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board processing this picture and measure the size of each particle , so you get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
We put this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' in hope that someone can make it even more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and , bang , they 're trying to fix it right away .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you get into this image .
A child , maybe under 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they 're fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , mud and oil is also brown , and when it all mixes , it 's very difficult to see what is in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of an MRI that can burning through all kinds of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help identify what is in the water .
Let 's start this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and a French half and you might remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered various giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroy various cities on the east coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear center close to water .
And today , according to the reports of an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , all the Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , is blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently of other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course we did n't take them , parents did n't .
But every night we reported the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with the entire life of his life .
Together with them , we discussed that day , and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent real-time data from radioactivity , and sprinkle water to simulate the rain .
Now , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to the date .
We 're approaching it to 1.5 miles from the nuclear center , and with the fishermen of the area we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a <unk> tracking that we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies , too .
But at the same time , it 's been more frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent a better way to do all these things .
So the classroom became such a little bit so small , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we converted it into the largest space to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , some biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of the children can become reality with adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age , transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible -- terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , scientists , <unk> , we must prepare to prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two <unk> , two cultures of design radically opposite .
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel , the other one of a silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for her .
Michelangelo said when he looked at the gross marble in it , he saw a figure that is fighting for being free .
The <unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living stuff is not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all the information that 's required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , which is <unk> the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as <unk> <unk> with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin <unk> <unk> .
The skins of the back is thicker with small pores .
You act mainly like filter , the other primarily like barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality through cyclist variation .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my vision of the world divided , the double personality of every designer and an architect at work today between <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the law and analysis , shows up on the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You probably wonder : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible about five or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment where we have four disciplines that offers designers access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools over scales , large-scale structures , like this robotic arm with a <unk> basis that someday not far far away , to print entire buildings to print whole buildings , and graphs at the nanoscale made of genetically modified crops that shine in the dark .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , a archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where each aperture is just unique to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion show in Paris with <unk> van <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
<unk> with a 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between the cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet and <unk> materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a C.T . scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows to design products that fit not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the same time , very comfortable , and also absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and to design this irregular surface pattern , becomes <unk> .
<unk> this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality not by addition to another material or other assembly , but <unk> the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me the stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God fires to Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
All the tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land did grow trees with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often wonder , `` What would design be if the objects were made of a single piece ?
Would you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for the biblical material , the kind of material from the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant of the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons of tons produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune up with your properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of husks of shrimp , <unk> and produced pasta .
We have the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , smooth and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it 's built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could vary the material properties of the march and create these structures made from one single material three material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry it to find a natural shape in touch with air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain microorganisms , which appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> bacteria genetically to capture fast carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no problem with <unk> beams , and if it broadens up , window up .
A tree <unk> of fruit .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects in order to biodegrade , put in the sea , bring the marine life , and put them on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The adjustment in our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in additive and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals , these new biological functionalities are synthesized within very small channels within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
She lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One turns the light in sugar , the other burning sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , they do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
So in order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help that we flow these bacteria and they will increase their function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we would make the properties of the material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we would get more transparent channels .
This <unk> digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , spans 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first <unk> <unk> channels brilliant in the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we would hold our skin , we would take damaged tissue and leverage our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer actually prints material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
And this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they were <unk> .
The manufacturing is not additive being about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but of two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers together .
And this happens over scales .
The silk worm becomes the environment , it creates a tension structure , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 're going to take a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition of the cocoon , was transmitted directly by the environment .
You often get the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk disappears and used in the textile industry .
We saw that we could design these templates , we could shape the raw silk without just boiling a cocoon .
It <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process to the architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> robot , and we put it on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to go into more dark and cold areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributing silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to get the tracks .
We tried 4,000 silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after we feed them four weeks , they were prepared to drilling with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding , and as we <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life begins again , like us , but much longer , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
When you get rid of biological silk on <unk> silk , they give the whole pavilion to his integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks : 4,000 silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route of silk .
Now moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk would through a robotic arm , the other full empty .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings surrounding us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers have to bring these two visions together in the world .
Which brings us back , of course , in the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of design , which brings us from a design inspired of nature to an inspired nature of the design , which demands us for the first time , we take us from nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
They can match your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm a person who never could answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , slam them and art and turning websites , and I also play the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time this sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge ; it gets to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about the other thing , something totally different , and I 'm going to get you to it , and I 'm going to get you down , and I feel like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , deny all my other passions , and <unk> them .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this , and something bad about me because I did n't get any of it .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you , then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from the culture .
And we asked us first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to happen at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to cause beautiful answers in kids like , `` Be an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
He 's <unk> the Halloween suit here .
This question is going to take us over and over again , as we grow in various ways , <unk> . Queen , high school students are asking you to choose in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of <unk> before you take sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this issue is inspired by kids to dream with what they might be , not inspire everything that could be .
In fact , it does the opposite , just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer them with 20 different things , but you can say , you know , you can laugh and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a craftsman of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob <unk> and he 's a craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And Dr. Ng , she was converted into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of living is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of the destiny , or the real vocation , the idea that each of us has something to spend in the ground , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are a lot of different issues that take your curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that it does n't have a target .
And feeling that there is something wrong with one .
There 's nothing bad in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a little bit like that .
It could help if it 's divided into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms as a scholar , as a scholar , <unk> .
In the middle of the Renaissance , the ideal was the one who was well <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
I mean , whatever term you like , or your own .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see yourself as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualizing data , travel , mathematics and design , to create <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of his eclectic mixture of abilities and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come out .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we encourage them for something , we go to it .
We 're looking at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it 's been many times in the past , and this means we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new zone that we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and <unk> writer .
As a child , as a girl <unk> , an amazing capability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest fastest known .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the top sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write persuasive tosses .
It 's rarely a loss of time to devote what you 're drawn to , even if you leave it up .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . I mean , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , a web designer , sometimes a Kickstarter consultant , sometimes teacher , and sometimes he looks like James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
Fast Company Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to match the market needs , which we will actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where they 're very adept at the time , and three skills that could be lost if they 're stressed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a lot of interest in encourage the <unk> to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to address them .
Let 's say they 're , in your heart , specialists .
They come out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put together ideas , and <unk> offers a <unk> of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 've been connected with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , you 're going to get them in a lot of part , you 're just encouraging people to be more like their fellow specialized partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you 're going to take from this talk , I hope it 's this : You 're going to take your inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including the ones that you 've just noticed about being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you , you know , you 've got their many passions .
Keep your curiosity over these rabbit <unk> .
Let 's give the intersections .
<unk> our internal wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman called <unk> was led to a psychiatric psychiatric .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> , but let 's go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he did an autopsy , and they found strange plates and he found this in the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I would have been alive today , we could n't give her more help than he was giving him <unk> years ago .
He was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer disease .
In fact , medicine has moved a lot .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , a lot of treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for the <unk> and a lot more .
But it 's little progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include a lot of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 years or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's will be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability that your years is going to be getting Alzheimer 's disease or helping take care of a friend or be dear to Alzheimer 's .
Already in America , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today 's the most expensive disease , and its cost required a rise of five times by 2050 , as we get older the baby 's newborn .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest <unk> and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that ca n't prevent , cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we 've spent less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more than every year in cancer research , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a <unk> number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last few years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We thought that it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to an Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to winning a severe loss of memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease reduces significantly the lifespan of life , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and this strangers in the <unk> brain does a century .
For nearly a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper it folds like an origami .
There are places in paper that are sticky .
And when it folds well , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other , forming groups that can form great plates and this is this .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and the identification on which step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
You 've got the rest of them , you can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that 's about it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of you have dropped the cables and expected of the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , physical , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened when they test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick each other inside of them , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and they live a normal life .
This is just a very positive initial outcome , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After <unk> years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to make sure that Alzheimer 's is a disease , and if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have taken the more research and copyright pressure , a pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV in the late '80s .
We see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too reluctant to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is at risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , I do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience when I test it myself , I just had a night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will be asked to get 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or skill , which would be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you put back to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> that goes through , these are getting more personal .
Number 30 : This really really like -- Tell your partner what you like to him or her , I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip of two of the participants had married six months later , invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was a little bit skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I emailed the column that were Modern Love a few months later .
That was published in January , and it 's now August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering : they keep up together ?
And the reason I think this is why I think this is because I 've been asked this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the paper was published , it was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had taught me writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entrance can get a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views .
And that took a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called Today Show and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article got over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust , writing with sincerity about their romantic experiences , but something else is to find that the loving life has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always asked the same question : they still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` Still still ? ''
And several messages came in immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
And even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got a red red thing .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable on it .
But I was n't ready for the breadth of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have been living in their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , who included readers of readers as I test the study on them with different degrees of success .
So my first urge to all of this focus was to be very focused on my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we were both making a public emergence together .
I took television interviews , and refused to take pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the icons in the <unk> of the <unk> process , a range of which I did n't feel qualified at all .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and then tell you ?
If the answer was not , I would make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not making romantic love .
Instead , I was looking forward to foster interpersonal approach among college students , using what Aron called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study worked .
The participants were very felt closer after doing this : several studies later used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a fast way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and community members , and they 've used it among people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , that combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk on a little liberal arts university , and then a student came to me and said to me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by that .
And I said , `` You mean , you know , you know , you know , you know , the person who did you do it ? ''
Well he did a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , `` But got better friends ?
Did you feel that they did get them better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had that relationship since I was 20 , which was basically my entire adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I went through science .
And so I was doing everything that I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that would somehow inflate the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad , and I used to feel like then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I 'm more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably to demand me .
What I 'm looking for of love is an assurance , not only to be loved today , and that will remain loved being loved by the person I love .
It might be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were together .
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate something about implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel wonderfully wonderfully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we are very willing to accept the short version of history .
The version of the story that asks the question , is they still together ?
And their content with an answer or not .
So , more than a question , I would propose that we make questions more difficult , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who does n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship , or more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known study and we apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still go together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
We had fallen in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the moment , there was no such choice .
I did n't consider that we would have both of that decision to make that decision , and how much times I 'm going to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded to 36 questions , I chose to love someone so generous , kind and fun , and having expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that this myth is true .
I want the implicit ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he also will love me , and it 's frightening , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in broad mountain , and in a way , I was like a <unk> of the forest .
And in New York City a while ago , something that really affected me , but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoids or a aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from walking and surf and all those rare things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took up all the pages and I took all the pages and made a sort of <unk> <unk> Agnes -- Agnes Martin , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added a lot more resin on the canvas , thinking I could do it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to increase the size , as if it was to be <unk> with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronics , frogs , weird bottles that I was finding on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow from <unk> , drawing the same thing around a body in the crime scene .
And I took out of the objects , and I created my own specimens of specimens .
First , <unk> -- that you can be able to get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building shows and those things , and I was earning some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on glass layers , similar to drawing in a window , and then another window , and a window , and I had all these windows together that look like a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my artwork would be done with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
In the triptych , I was inspired by a great measure in `` The Garden of <unk> , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the <unk> of the <unk> in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . You 've got this piece .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
It 's a 5.5 long .
It 's got <unk> , so they 're 10 yards of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
This is where creatures with heads of animals are going to go to the <unk> , ready to kill them in <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> Agency , the refuge of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
But also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> and it seems like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a bit of a triptych .
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose of a bird , like a bird of a bird , and it spits clouds from this nose .
It also has a 5.5 's tail of a snake tail that joins the triptych .
Anyway , the tail turns on fire to the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that happen , you know .
Its tail ends up in an eye balloon , made out of a <unk> terrorist .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball baseball cards .
It brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazine .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a form of human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they get together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being caught inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get the input .
I 'm going to play them for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of thing you 've got .
It 's a quick pulse of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and you 're communicating between the two .
There 's some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just as the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Route <unk> .
In this box there 's a physicist , a physicist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a radio <unk> , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
And we took the box and all the people inside it spill each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we came to realize that we all are together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from the world , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to swap those things with sweetness , and beaches are all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurt ?
They take one aspirin .
But for this pill to have the pain effect on the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
And I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug <unk> effect on the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that by <unk> any drug .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , they 're going to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the cell cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that they 're going to get to your bloodstream , they 'll be self-assembling , and worse for the time that they take to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV tank .
These are regions of the body like metastatic lymph nodes , the nervous system , where the virus is dead and it does n't easily go into the blood stream of patients that are sent to regulate antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment disruption , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today 's drugs , which is a <unk> treatment of life .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of chance ? ''
As a scientist scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for listening to diabetes and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can think of , including transportation <unk> of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small , which opens and close close to the cells that are infected with HIV to introduce the medications .
And they 're asked , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small <unk> laser , laser beam over the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser travels through the cell , as the cell absorbs the drug at a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realized , the hole is <unk> immediately .
We 're testing this technology right now in vitro , or Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a device of three heads .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases it directly into the infection site , and the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't look like a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied to non-state armed groups : arms organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They 're going to make these groups when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better than these generators agents of violence and study ways to encourage transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything in conflict , because war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between American states and non-state actors .
For example , <unk> peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups , and we should even be engaged or rent them in any problem of successful conflicts .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but no one analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , and much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent encounter against Israel .
From his creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Hamas Palestinian , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We would plug in a complex complex machine : radio stations , TV channels , web websites and social media strategies .
And here you have ISIS magazine , print printed in English and published .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising funding fundraising , but through business businesses , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups do something else : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they set up professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't give you , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghan torn torn by the war or even the beginning of ISIS , can be understood as the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a price overwhelmingly unbearably for the population .
But in general , they provide social services , it means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap in the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power groups .
For example , electoral victory of 2006 , Palestinian Hamas ca n't understand without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we looked at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> because they do fill it up by the government , and they emerge as groups and political groups , they participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated ones are these organizations , we can lower them as a contrary to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
It was part of a piece of territory , running all their functions , collected the garbage system , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines will fall apart .
We live in a world of states , without state and hybrids , and the weaker states are the states , as in the Middle East today , the more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in the military tools .
We have that void of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is also very important to establish and put peace together .
If we better understand armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives to offer to encourage transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not give peace and stability .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuums , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a <unk> failure as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the `` feminist '' tag would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I 'm going to tell you as a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then on the interviews , people started calling me `` Bad <unk> . ''
So , what started as a personal joke meant for myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and the 20 years , I had strange ideas about my feminist , these women , who were angry , singing with men and hated sex . As if that was something wrong .
Today , I see what women are treated in the world and anger , in particular , looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at that time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when people thought it could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo word and unpleasant word .
I became like a woman who does n't follow the rules , who asked too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal to a man .
Nobody wants to be that female woman , until they realize that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
Same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world as <unk> , free of bullying or violence .
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing <unk> controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to figure out our other identities .
We are not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and more .
We have to look at these differences and how it affects us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make out a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music going through volume .
Even though the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of the yin Yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do it reality with your wet shirt .
<unk> , take it , move it until you get the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the collection collection , the <unk> of the grass and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic comedies , and I have a preposterous from the fairy fairy stories that make reality happen .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism thing that has ignored or decrease the needs of color women , workers , workers , gay and transgender women , in favor of white women , heterosexual , middle-class women .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It 's also happening : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're looking at perfection .
When we were <unk> , we take them very comfortable from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a mess ; I 've already considered myself on that pedestal before before I try to put myself in .
Too many women , particularly the innovative leaders and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , fear of not being able to be able to get the little realistic expectations .
Take for example of <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist named .
In the <unk> Music 2014 in 2014 , on MTV , he acted in front of the word `` feminist '' in three feet high .
It was a wonderful show , seeing this star from openly embracing feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics , the cultural critics started a endless discussion if we were <unk> , not precisely the feminist .
He cared for her feminism , instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
We make perfection from feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot of , we need so long .
We 're far beyond sensible criticism and constructive , to relate to feminism for any woman of any woman , wreck until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We went from recognizing our flaws to give up to the action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs , until they change the change effectively affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music going to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions do that make it more difficult for women to make equality , the equality that we all deserve to deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two gorgeous , determined , bright , very brave , so I want to grow up in a world .
Where they are appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , suddenly , the best option is within as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program comes to sexual violence against women like sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio clock when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies does n't deal with women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports , where athletes are treated as a boxing sacks .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until you do n't have enough number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be included until more like us welcome the barriers to the decision jobs .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> , without these efforts , without taking these positions , our achievements will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , people in the power of film and movie producers and music , CEOs , the legislators who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting and significant change .
We can also claim to courage our feminism , well , bad , or anyway .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm going to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , above all , because I was my voice , my voice was stolen , and feminism was helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few kids were reminded of me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I was holding my voice , and after I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm reminded of a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a bit courageous , another woman could hear me , and see that none of us is anything that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , what I 'm saying , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , because I was exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in Quebec .
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that broke the argument about autism and vaccines infamous , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents around the world continue to pretend that vaccines will put into danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of her creating their entire career without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates have stable just three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising organizations refer by routinely autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like the diagnostic criteria expanded , and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't <unk> a lot of the fears of a young mother looking for his face of two years , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about science that with seductive power of storytelling .
For the most part of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , from Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in <unk> , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around her , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they did n't put their favorite toy in its usual place without knowing them .
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world , stated that I had seen less than 150 cases of their syndrome as they want to pick up reference to places as far as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the <unk> criteria for diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , I would give that diagnosis to children with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once you know that he had become nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her office by being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were not <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept on a refrigerator that was not <unk> .
At the same time , however , I realized that some of his young patients had special skills we find in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the age of two .
When his mother put one of his favorite albums , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the kids were simply telling their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became the source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , turning into invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers <unk> de <unk> was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had an autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like a Susie , without special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
We took a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find the kids autistic in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were becoming aware of their fascination for astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
In the other way , these kids did n't fit a nice little bit of beautiful and <unk> , as he said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one did n't realize these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944 , the following year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
He knew about this article about the competition , but I avoided mentioned that in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was running a integrated clinic with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's ideas for children 's learning with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music classes , and kids follow their games on Sunday .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability of life that required mental support forms of support and <unk> spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he went to help in developing methods that were especially proper for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's seen autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
And he said , and Judith found that he was wrong in that autism was <unk> , so the parents were the candle .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Medical Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum .
In the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes in place , instead of the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model of Asperger 's .
These changes did n't fell broken .
Because when I graduated and Judith worked in the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before `` Rain '' `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , only a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what the autism was , but after the haunting performance of Dustin Hoffman , like Raymond <unk> and the `` Rain Man '' recognition of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , there was the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism .
The number of diagnostics started rising , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , actually expected that this way was , making people with autism and their families finally funded the support and the services they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines by increasing diagnostics , a simple , powerful story , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's correct , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances , and we would find the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social activation , and it suffers from a <unk> deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have a hard time to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still achieving Asperger 's , who believed that `` cure '' for the most disabling aspects of autism are in the understanding of the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in their children 's potential .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on covered to the boat of humanity . ''
As we browse towards an uncertain future , we need all the human intelligence forms on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to afford a brain .
Thank you .
